# homepage_2006
Source: http://web.archive.org/web/20060106191855/http://www.herorpg.net/
---
Hero RPG Network - Home --> Home :: Forum :: Play Hero :: UserCP Ads by Yahoo! --> --> Navigation &raquo; Home &raquo; Lore &raquo; Hosting &raquo; Site Rules &raquo; Privacy Policy &raquo; Vote for Hero &raquo; Affiliation Donations In order to keep Hero's server up and running, we must reach a certain financial goal each month to support the necessary fees. While the ads certainly help, any and all donations are much appreciated. Current Poll How often do you visit and or post in the forums? Always visit and post - 5.88% Always visit though often post - 26.47% often visit and post - 14.71% often visit but don't post - 20.59% Rarely ever visit - 32.35% Total Votes: 34 You may not vote on this poll. &raquo; View Poll Results &raquo; Discuss This Poll &raquo; This Poll Has 20 Replies Recent Threads Bug with the tome... Last post by Dantrel 41 Minutes Ago 12:37 PM Bugs 0 Replies, 2 Views The picture Last post by Eusira 1 Hour Ago 11:48 AM Polls 4 Replies, 28 Views New area suggestion? Last post by gh223 3 Hours Ago 10:02 AM Site Discussion 5 Replies, 24 Views Switchlade! Last post by Black_Scorpion 7 Hours Ago 05:47 AM Introductions 4 Replies, 36 Views Tier 4 Update Last post by Krelian 20 Hours Ago 05:12 PM News & Announcements 0 Replies, 23 Views Inns and Companions Last post by MIDO PIONEER 1 Day Ago 12:11 PM General Discussion 4 Replies, 43 Views Champion Bosses Last post by Eusira 1 Day Ago 10:31 AM Bugs 5 Replies, 61 Views Gold... Last post by Krelian 2 Days Ago 10:04 AM Support 13 Replies, 175 Views Fighter's Helmet Last post by Derice 2 Days Ago 11:25 PM Bugs 0 Replies, 21 Views New Year's Resolutions Last post by aceblade 2 Days Ago 03:49 PM Polls 5 Replies, 85 Views Affiliates Online Users Members: 14, Guests: 3 Andras , Chummer , Danny Ducky , djtigerstar , Elrood McBain , Erolat , Eusira , freezelove , Hard , jhonson , Jorie , sawboybuck , Solus , StevenLeong2 Most users ever online was 56, 5 Days Ago at 12:04 PM. Search Forums &raquo; Advanced Search Log in User Name Remember Me? Not a member yet? Register Now! Password Please help Hero RPG by clicking on the Yahoo! ads and voting once per day. Your contribution helps keep Hero's server running. Donations are also welcomed. Thanks for your support! Tier 4 Update A long while back I posted an update on tier 4 progress - which just so happens to be several months ago. We know you don't like to be kept in the dark about updates, so I've prepared a list of things that are already coded and things left to do. Completed - Tier 4 advancement capability - Passive skill support - Active skill support - Stat upgrade support - Skill Points integration // Stat Points separation - 2 active skills each for the following classes: -- Warrior -- Thief -- Magician -- Gladiator -- Crusader -- Shadowknight To do - Tier 4 class support for spells and items - Ability to name your class based on your hero tree - Monster AI reactions for passive skills - 2 active skills each for the following classes: -- Wizard -- Sage -- Magus -- Rogue -- Gambit -- Mercenary - Passive skills for all classes As you can see, this leaves us at about 50-60% completion. It won't be too long now before we are able to release, perhaps by the end of the month depending on how much I am able to code with school and work. When T4 is out of the way, I will be able to focus on other aspects of the game for all levels other than those ready to advance, just so you know I do not intend to neglect lower levels. That's all for now.. enjoy the game. Jan 05, 2006 - 5:12 PM - by Krelian 0 Replies | 23 Views New Chatbox / Downtime The chatbox has been recoded to be AJAX compliant, and is now semi-realtime. It will refresh every 6 seconds and does not require a page reload to chat. Note that neither pressing the Enter key or clicking the Enter button will require a refresh. Your message will send either way. There are rare events in which a message will not send, though I'm still tracking this particular bug. If the new chat system is too server-intensive, it will be removed and the old system will be replaced. Dec 30, 2005 - 6:57 PM - by Krelian 0 Replies | 30 Views Hero RPG 6.5 The time is nearing yet again for a major upgrade and overhaul of the RadiantRPG/Hero engine. After playing the game through all 109 levels for myself, I have found many, many things missing from the game that would greatly increase its value. Below is a list of things I plan to code for Hero 6.5 (due out spring 2006) and some things you can look forward to before then. Revamped Monster AI Enhanced spells: Scripted abilities, summons, status effects, item usage Intelligent reactions based on hero actions Monster fleeing from battle Strategic boss battles Revamped Shop System In-depth stock system for players to invest in shops and businesses Individually priced items! Infinite shop stocking space; 10 slots default, 10k per extra 10 Increased opening fee of 10,000 gold Faction System Player-owned factions (guilds) based on towns and islands Ranks can be assigned by the leader Build a fortress based on a town, and hire guards to defend it from invading factions Bonus wages are paid to faction members based on faction's total gold pool or owner-set amounts Faction vaults to store powerful items; can be looted if your fortress is overtaken - The more items stored, the more bonus your faction receives Note: There will be no PVP in the faction system These are only some of the updates I... [ Read More ] Dec 28, 2005 - 6:46 PM - by Krelian 5 Replies | 129 Views Patch Notice: 12-27-05 Updates: - Lowered gold rates from 240% to 180% - Added 20+ items to the AA list for all price ranges - Added Essence restrictions to items - Functionality for Tier 4: 40% Complete - Added two new locations: Asure Tower (Lower) and Asure Tower (Upper) - Quest system complete! - Added magic resistance to monsters (undead are nearly or completely immune) - Added first quest: A Gambler's Life - for a gambit ability, can be found in Mines of Farendal - Added/Enabled new bosses (Swamp Dragon, Beregard of the Trees, Coveter, Validor) - Added new abilities: Lucky Coin (Gambit), Dice Throw (Gambit) Fixes: - Fixed shadowknight's Shadow Blade, Inner Fire, and Dragon's Fire abilities - Abilities will now kill an enemy if used at battle initialization and they do more damage than the enemy's remaining HP - Non-Elemental damage now ignores enemy defense Dec 27, 2005 - 3:48 PM - by Krelian 7 Replies | 83 Views Interactive Tutorial After some months, the issue has come to us that new players are having a hard time getting on their feet in the game and learning the swing of things, mostly due to the fact that there is little official documentation on how to play the game. The reason for this is that the game is constantly being updated, therefore any documentation would quickly become outdated and deprecated. However, I have devised a method of teaching new players how to play the game without having to update much, if anything: An interactive tutorial. The tutorial would consist of a newbie zone with level 1-5 monsters and NPCs that would help you figure out how to do certain things. It would be a guided process (via the quest engine), would provide the new hero with an entire set of basic equipment, a spell or two, and some AP/gold to get them started. Sounds good, right? There is a problem, though. The past week I've been working on Tier 4 and 5 advancement for heroes, which is nearing completion. Working on an interactive tutorial would take time away from this, and may push Tier 4 back to mid January or later. I don't intend to make the decision myself on this one; I'll let you decide on the poll on this thread. It's a matter of catering to the lower end or the higher end - although the majority is clear on that one. Please vote and tell me your thoughts. Dec 23, 2005 - 2:21 PM - by Krelian 25 Replies | 251 Views Update on forums Hello hello again my friends. I have a few things that I want to jump on while I'm writing this. Frist, I've made a poll which I would like for you to vote on, it's important to my work with the forums; http://www.herorpg.net/showthread.php?t=3116 Secondly, as the other forum masters before me I plan on erasing old, inactive threads simply due to there being no use for them to remain taking up space. Though rebuilding this won't be an over night thing, I'd like to see people become more active and talk to each other. I don't mind people replying back and forth over the forums, infact I'll most like be doing alot of conversations with you so everyone is on the same page. There is more to come as needed so 'til than enjoy the holidays. Take care, Ace. Dec 22, 2005 - 4:40 PM - by Void 0 Replies | 35 Views Major forum changes I write to you all again, this time with better news; as of last night Krelian was kind enough to offer me a job on the HeroRpg.Net site working on the forums. I agreed to help out knowing I for one enjoy this site and enjoy lending a hand when I can, thus here I am debating on some good ideas to keep forum life alive. I will be doing some cleaning for the next few days, getting rid of old threads that are simply collecting dust as well as adding new ones to keep everyone updated. I was talking to a few members last night about side games that might be brought to the forums section and to make sure everyone is on the same page and happy with what's being put on, I plan on setting up polls so you can vote on games. It will range anywhere from Role Play to quizzes that include prizes (Random Items). I will also be taking suggestions (Though not now so refrain from posting any ideas 'til I am ready lol). I look forward to hearing from you and seeing how much the forums grow. Take care and happy holidays! Master of the Forum, Ace Dec 22, 2005 - 9:49 AM - by Void 20 Replies | 184 Views Powered by vBadvanced CMPS v2.0 RC2 All times are GMT -6. The time now is 01:18 PM . -- Genesis ---- CrystalShards Contact Us - Hero RPG Network - RSS - Referral Statistics - Archive - Top Page generated in 0.42511606 seconds (100.00% PHP - 0.00% MySQL) with 13 queries --> Powered by: vBulletin Version 3.0.8 Copyright &copy;2000 - 2006, Jelsoft Enterprises Ltd. All materials are copyright of their respective owners. All web graphics are property of Hero Role Playing Games Network. All item and monster icons are property of Blizzard Entertainment, Bethesda Softworks, or Square-Enix. Text belongs to its author; Hero RPGN assumes no responsibility. No copyright infringement is intended.