# homepage_2005
Source: http://web.archive.org/web/20050805003926/http://www.herorpg.net/
---
Hero RPG 5.1 Contextual advertising Home Forums Register Hero RPG Top 5 Staff Search Today's Posts Mark Forums Read Search Hero RPG 5.1 User Name Remember Me? Password Contextual advertising Welcome to Hero RPG! Welcome to Hero RPG, the most unique text-based RPG on the web! If you have not yet registered with our community, we welcome you to involve yourself by first registering here . Once you have created an account, please feel free to introduce yourself on the forum so that other users may know who you are; the community is always welcoming to new members and old alike, so don't hesitate to let us know a little about you! After you have registered, you're welcome to create a Hero and immerse yourself in our constantly evolving RPG by going here , or clicking the "Hero RPG" menu at the top of the page and selecting "New Hero". Due to the constant evolution of gameplay, there is no official documentation as to how to play the game itself, though we encourage you to ask any questions you might have on the forum where a friendly Game Master would be glad to assist you. Thanks for stopping by, and please enjoy your stay! Nerevar, Lead Developer Powered by vBadvanced CMPS v1.0.0 All times are GMT -5. The time now is 07:39 PM . Mark Forums Read | View Forum Leaders vbulletin skin developed by: vbskinz Best viewed in 1024x768, Internet Explorer 5.5+, 32-bit color depth All material belongs to its respective owner. None may be used without permission from its rightful owner(s). This site is copyright Hero RPG, 2005. Some images may be property of Blizzard Entertainment, Bethesda Softworks, and/or Square-Enix/Squaresoft. No copyright infringment is intended, nor does HeroRPG claim credit for any of the said property. This page was generated in 0.12 seconds. Contact Us - Hero RPG 5.1 - Archive - Privacy Statement - Top