# homepage_2007
Source: http://web.archive.org/web/20070528061726/http://www.herorpg.net/
---
HeroRPG .: Navigation Main Page Forum Register Rules .: HeroRPG Play Manual .: New Players Hikaru werewolf by night madolebr Baelwore Lord_Nicron Character Deletion Posted by Krelian on Monday, May 28th, 2007, 06:58:50 AM All level 1 characters have been deleted to make room in the database. The majority of them were from players who tried the game and decided not to play. If you happened to be playing one of these deleted characters, remake it with the same name and send me an in-game Mail message and I'll send you some gold to get you started. I know which characters I deleted, so don't try to fool me ;) Techniques Revamp Posted by Krelian on Monday, May 28th, 2007, 05:15:05 AM Techniques are first up for being revamped. They will be disabled for a few days (hopefully not longer), at most a week. Sorry to those that were pure magician characters. You'll have to wait or start a melee character. Major Gameplay Changes Posted by Krelian on Friday, May 25th, 2007, 05:42:46 AM During the upcoming days (probably week/s), the game will be undergoing some major changes. Several of the game's systems are not functioning as originally intended, and many of them are not able to maintain balance throughout levels higher than 100. The game was originally designed based on a level-100 cap, though we have decided to extend that to a dynamic cap that can be changed as content is released. For this reason, we will have to redesign some of the game systems already in place. In particular, the spell system will be receiving a seventh (eighth?) and final face-lift. While the concept of the spell system (in terms of "chains") will remain, the way the chains function will change. Instead of using a spell a certain amount of times to earn its successor, you will need to reach a certain skill level in that spell's governing skill, then visit a "trainer" to learn the next spell in the chain. We know, this is not original by any means (neither is the first idea, actually), but it will maintain balance throughout all levels, as we can easily change the levels at which spells can be learned and remove them from players accordingly. Secondly, the chains will be broken up into individual spell chains. Rather than a general "fire" chain, there would be a chain for each spell, such as "Fireball I" "Fireball II" "Fireball III" etc. I feel that this system would be more comprehensible and would allow us to make a greater amount and diversity of spells. The next major change will be the removal of the Anima system. It will not be removed entirely, though it will be completely disconnected from the spell system. It is simply too difficult to balance the system due to the vast amount of possibilities in anima sphere combinations. I feel that the system as-is is not living up to my expectations, nor do I have the means to make it do so, as that would require changing a lot of fundamental code and would essentially result in a character wipe. Instead, the Anima system will be applied only to the Eidolon system (read the wiki). However, you will still be able to experiment with Anima Spheres to create Anima Seals, though only once you have obtained your Eidolon. The removal of this system means that spells will no longer require Crystals in order to be recharged. They will simply cost more mana, as they did in Legend of Arcadia, and mana will become a dynamic pool rather than fixed at 100 and will increase with each level. These are the two main changes yet to come, though many more major changes are planned. Stay tuned for when I actually have time to post the rest of this. To be continued... Login Fixed Posted by Krelian on Thursday, May 17th, 2007, 17:57:40 PM Login was broken overnight. It is fixed now. My apologies. Database Upgrade Posted by Krelian on Thursday, May 17th, 2007, 01:35:25 AM We have upgraded our database constructs to use the MySQLi object. If you don't know what this is, you probably don't need to. However, if you find any sections of the site that do not work, please report them directly to my e-mail, admin@herorpg.net , or catch me in game. Do NOT post them on the forum or in chat. The time is now 07:17:26 - All times are in timezone GMT Powered by RadiantWeb and RadiantRPG Copyright Radiant Network 2002-2006 Loaded PHP in 0.39 seconds and MySQL in 0.03 seconds with 1 queries.