# rules
Source: http://web.archive.org/web/2008/http://www.herorpg.net/index.php?p=rules
---
Welcome to Legend of Arcadia Home Forum Play LoA UserCP Wiki Logout --> Welcome to Legend of Arcadia! Our records indicate that you have not yet registered on our site. If you would like to join our friendly community, you may do so by registering here . We would appreciate your company in the world of Mys`Diel! The Network Main Page Forum Rules Donate The Game Create Hero Story Manual Tutorial Welcome to Legend of Arcadia Story Update by Krelian on Tuesday, June 20th, 2006 08:44:57 PM Chapter IV of The Legend has been released. Please check the Story section to catch up on the lore! [ Reply ] Story Update by Krelian on Tuesday, June 20th, 2006 02:12:51 AM Chapter III of the history of the Arcadians has been released. While not as large as the previous two, it remains an important event in the story. Please read it when you are able. [ Reply ] Story Update by Krelian on Sunday, June 18th, 2006 05:17:51 AM Chapter II of the Legend of Arcadia has been released. Please check the Story section on the home page and read the latest in Mys`Diel's history! [ Reply ] Domain Change by Krelian on Saturday, June 17th, 2006 02:55:45 AM Legend of Arcadia will be moved to a brand new home tonight located at http://www.loarcadia.net . This will become our main domain though the old one will still forward. Please clear your cookies to make way for the domain change so that you do not have problems logging in. We apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused you. [ Reply ] What do you think of the new forums? by BGBkstroke on Thursday, June 15th, 2006 10:02:01 PM What do you think of the updated forums? Post your opinions and vote in the poll. [ Reply ] New Area: The Crystal Canyons by Krelian on Thursday, June 15th, 2006 04:55:28 PM Within the center of Orlas lies a vast network of canyons whose crevasses are lined with quartz and crystals, harboring strange creatures and lifeforms not yet discovered.. [Note: This is a level 45 area] [ Reply ] Registration Open by Krelian on Wednesday, June 14th, 2006 05:25:23 PM Registration has been reopened for the site. [ Reply ] Welcome Back! by Krelian on Tuesday, June 13th, 2006 04:38:35 AM Welcome to Legend of Arcadia's new home! As you can see, we've moved websites yet again. We're now running on vBulletin 3.6.2 rather than 3.0.8, which is much more featureful than the old version. This new homepage is only temporary. The current version of vBAdvanced's portal is not compatible with this build of vBulletin, so we'll have to make due with an inferior home page until then. I'll try to add functionality to it as best I can in the meantime. I've done my best to make sure Hero is compatible with the new version of vBulletin, however there may still be some bugs and errors that need to be ironed out. If you should find any parse errors or any database errors that persist for more than 5 minutes, please, report them in the appropriate forum. Your Heroes should be completely intact where you left them off. If you find an error with specifically your hero , however, you may use the Contact Us link in the bottom right to send me an e-mail about the problem. You will also notice that the layout of the forum page has changed somewhat. All the posts and threads from the old site are gone - you will need to repost anything you feel is important. We will also be moving some important threads from the old site if we feel it is necessary. In addition, your signatures, avatars, and possibly some other profile information is lost. We were unable to transfer that information in the relocation. Due to this being a phase where we are still testing the stability of the new forum, new registrations will be closed until further notice. We apologize for this inconvenience. [ Reply ] Recent Threads All times are GMT. The time now is 10:28 PM . Contact Us - Legend of Arcadia - Archive - Top Powered by vBulletin Version 3.6.0 Beta 2 Copyright &copy;2000 - 2006, Jelsoft Enterprises Ltd. All materials are copyright of their respective owners. All web graphics are property of Legend of Arcadia. All item and monster icons are property of Blizzard Entertainment, Bethesda Softworks, or Square-Enix. Text belongs to its author; Hero RPGN assumes no responsibility. No copyright infringement is intended.