# t-449
Source: http://web.archive.org/web/20050505000855/http://www.herorpg.net/forum/archive/index.php?t-449.html
---
Hero RPG 4.0 - Hero: Create-A-Class Hero RPG 4.0 &gt; Hero &gt; Development &gt; Hero: Create-A-Class PDA View Full Version : Hero: Create-A-Class Nerevar 11-25-2004, 07:27 PM Here's your chance to have a say in what happens in the world of Hero. I'm going to need 10 more classes, each with a unique name and stats. But there are some rules - There are four primary stats and one secondary stat as of yet. Primary stats are underlined. They are: Strength Defense Magic Luck Each class starts with 17 points that can be distributed among the four stats unequally. There are two more factors that affect a class's effectiveness, which are HP and MP. Each class starts with a different amount of HP and MP - some classes don't get MP, like warriors. So here is a summary of the rules - * No more than 17 points into stats * No more than 50 points into HP/MP combined * Name cannot be offensive or vulgar If you want to suggest a class, here is the template you must follow: Name: Description: HP: MP: Str: Def: Mag: Luk: Description should include what the hero does, what kind of spells, and what kind of weapons they use. Abilities cannot be level-based, as they will not be earned with levels, rather with stat requirements. Heroes must be a class that pertains to both male and female. These new 10 classes will be added to the current classes; they won't replace them. I hope to see some good submissions! 50 gold will be given to the submitter for each accepted class Accepted Classes Name: Rogue Description: A thief and stealthy swordsman. Also an assassin of sorts. HP: 35 MP: 15 Str: 6 Def: 6 Mag: 2 Luk: 3 -Nerevar Name: Gladiator Description: Brute force hero, has no magical powers but has a very strong phisical strength and resistance. HP: 50 MP: 0 Str: 8 Def: 7 Mag: 0 Luk: 2 -Daelin Name: Ranger (Formerly Hunter) Description: Uses Melee and Ranged weapons to attack. HP: 30 MP: 20 Str: 4 Def: 8 Mag: 3 Luk: 2 -Shrinrokon Name:Werewolf Description: Humanoid wolf adept at channeling lunar energy. HP:40 MP:10 Str:5 Def:7 Mag:4 Luk:1 -Vilkacis Name: Sage Description: A mage specialized in mind control HP:17 MP: 28 Str: 2 Def: 3 Mag: 7 Luk: 5 -Dark Musician Crusader Descr: Powerful warrior mage, which is in the service of the light. HP: 25 MP: 25 Str: 6 Def: 5 Mag: 5 Luck: 1 -Daelin Nerevar 11-25-2004, 09:47 PM Fine, I guess I'll make the first class, since no one else seems too interested. Name: Rogue Description: A thief and stealthy swordsman HP: 35 MP: 15 Str: 6 Def: 6 Mag: 2 Luk: 3 Daelin 11-26-2004, 09:32 AM Can't you actually tell us what they do? For example, I have no idea what luck is... Nerevar 11-26-2004, 11:26 AM Strength determines how hard your hero can hit in battle Defense determines how much or how little damage your hero takes in battle Magic determines how much magic damage you take and how much you can deal out Luck determines what kind of items you can Forage for and how much experience you get from battles. Dark Musician 11-26-2004, 11:39 AM Name: Mind Mage Description: A mage specialized on mind things(mind control,mind burn,etc) HP:17 MP: 28 Str: 2 Def: 3 Mag: 7 Luk: 5 Just a sugestion...... Nerevar 11-26-2004, 12:34 PM I like the concept, but think of a different name maybe. Dark Musician 11-26-2004, 12:39 PM Mind Burner? The Mind Controler? Mage of the Minds? Nerevar 11-26-2004, 01:41 PM Why does it have to include 'mind'? There are other words pertaining to mentality besides mind. Dark Musician 11-26-2004, 01:52 PM Then I am sorry,I suck at names,I always sucked at names,and like ur talking so much,why u just suggest a name??? Nerevar 11-26-2004, 02:03 PM Because this is for user involvement. If I wanted to make all the classes, I would. Dark Musician 11-26-2004, 02:11 PM The Mistic Mage? The Mistic Magician? The Magician? The Mage? The Controler? Black_Scorpion 11-26-2004, 02:28 PM What about BrainMaster ? HeadController ? Just a suggestion . Nerevar 11-26-2004, 02:44 PM There are lots of other words that you can use that don't involve mind or brain. Just to name a few: Illusionary Spiritist Shaman Psychic Channeler Cleric Enchanter Seer Adept Mystic Priest Healer Wiseman Sage Dark Musician 11-26-2004, 02:53 PM I like these ones: -Psychic -Mystic -Sage Nerevar 11-26-2004, 03:03 PM Well, then you're down to three choices. Pick one that you like. Dark Musician 11-26-2004, 03:18 PM Sage........... Nerevar 11-26-2004, 03:55 PM Sage created and added to the list. Need 9 more submissions. Dark Musician 11-26-2004, 04:12 PM Name:Beserker Description: A brutall warrior,very strong HP: 41 MP:13 Str: 8 Def: 7 Mag: 2 Luk: 2 Nerevar 11-26-2004, 04:21 PM DM.. let someone else make a class before you submit another one. I can't have you make them all =p And unless this alone isn't enough incentive to submit one, here's a reward. 50 gold will be given to the submitter for each accepted class Dark Musician 11-26-2004, 04:23 PM WHY?? why cant I post more classes :( :( That is unfair........... but your a little right :D Shrinrokon 11-26-2004, 10:29 PM Class: Hunter Description: Uses Melee and Ranged weapons to attack. HP: 30 MP: 20 Str: 4 def: 8 Int/mag: 3 Luck: 2 Nerevar 11-26-2004, 10:32 PM Well, you've got a few things wrong there, Shrin. For one, there won't be summons in battle. It's just 1v1, so that's out of the question. Ranged attacks are a possiblity. There is no Dexterity stat, it's Defense. Shrinrokon 11-26-2004, 10:39 PM m'kay well i changed it but i think you should add some more stuff to your first post about the restrictions Nerevar 11-26-2004, 11:20 PM Ok, that's acceptable. I'll put it in the code tomorrow. Vilkacis 11-27-2004, 01:24 AM Name:Werewolf Description:Changes into a Werewolf during the full moon. Stats change during phases Human Phase: HP:40 MP:10 Str:5 Def:7 Mag:4 Luk:1 Werewolf Phase: HP:45 MP:5 Str:10 Def:3 Mag:2 Luk:2 Nerevar 11-27-2004, 02:30 AM Hmm.. I think the effort is greater than the reward for coding something like that. I could do just a permanent werewolf class, but not one that changes, as the time on the RPG won't correspond to real time. In fact, there may not even be time on Hero. Vilkacis 11-27-2004, 02:34 AM Thats kool, its just a suggestion. Raziel 11-27-2004, 05:37 AM Name: Soul Keeper Description: Magic and Melee Combat User. (would be kool for an item u can buy that only works with him, like a soul blade or sumthing.) HP:30 MP:20 Str:6 Def:4 Mag:5 Luk:2 Black_Scorpion 11-27-2004, 05:44 AM Name: Black_Devil Description:Black_Devil is a normal scorpion but had turned into an evil powerful demon . HP:40 MP:10 Str:4 Def:7 Mag:2 Luk:4 Daelin 11-27-2004, 03:05 PM Ok... let's get to work. Name: Assassin Description: Cunning Hero, adept at stealing and assassination. Is specialist at attacking the enemy from the back. Tries to achieve perfection in both its physical and magical side. HP: 30 MP: 20 Str: 4 Def: 4 Mag: 4 Luk: 5 Name: Warden (different from Warcraft one) Description: Powerful defensive mage, adept at creating barriers and striking its enemies with powerful magical attacks. HP: 20 MP: 30 Str: 2 Def: 5 Mag: 8 Luk: 2 Name: Gladiator Description: Brute force hero, has no magical powers but has a very strong phisical strength and resistance. HP: 50 MP: 0 Str: 8 Def: 7 Mag: 0 Luk: 2 Hope these are good... BY now. Nerevar 11-27-2004, 03:56 PM The first one is nearly a duplicate of my Rogue. A rogue and assassin are nearly the same thing. The Warden is a possibility; I'll consider it. The Gladiator is a nice one, I'll credit you for that and code it later. Daelin 11-27-2004, 04:23 PM Here is another unusual one... It might sound exaggerated and so I can fix it. But I found this a powerful mage... :D Name: Archmage Description: Powerful mages which later achieve perfection into magic. HP: 20 MP: 30 Str: 2 Def: 4 Mag: 9 Luck: 2 Dark Musician 11-27-2004, 05:13 PM Name:The Healer Description: Powerfull Mage which his powers are centered in light magic Hp:10 MP:38 Str:1 Def:1 Mag:13 Luck:2 Nerevar 11-27-2004, 05:28 PM Both of those classes would die in one hit. Guaranteed. Dark Musician 11-27-2004, 05:42 PM Name:The Panda Description: Powerfull on Magic and on close combat Hp:21 MP:19 Str:6 Def:5 Mag:4 Luck:2 Nerevar 11-27-2004, 06:13 PM That's not a class, that's a hero. Dark Musician 11-27-2004, 06:36 PM Edited,is it ok now? Nerevar 11-27-2004, 07:15 PM a Panda is still not a profession. A class is something anyone can be. For instance, if you wanted to, you couldn't just be a panda, could you? Dark Musician 11-27-2004, 07:29 PM huh? ok............your right,then just ignore the class oh,I got a new one Name: Dark Wizzard Description: Powerfull on Magic, his expecialaty is the Dark Magic Hp:16 MP:31 Str:2 Def:2 Mag:10 Luck:3 Dark Musician 11-28-2004, 09:34 AM oh yeah,new one Name:Gollum Description: Race that lives in the cavers,they got many luck finding items Hp:15 Mp:19 Str:2 Def:2 Mag:2 Luck:7(sorry,the other parts are weaker.......so I think its fair) Daelin 11-28-2004, 09:56 AM It will die too fast... However... Crusader Descr: Powerful warrior mage, which is in the service of the light. HP: 25 MP: 25 Str: 6 Def: 5 Mag: 5 Luck: 1 Dark Musician 11-28-2004, 10:53 AM I dunno if it will die,nerevar is the guy who decides here,so................. Daelin 11-28-2004, 11:14 AM I made one with very small HP as well so I think he will... But oh well, let's wait for Nerevar to decide. Raziel 11-28-2004, 12:27 PM name: Magi descrip: Poweful user of Magic and Melee equally. HP: 25 MP: 25 Str: 5 Def: 4 Mag: 5 Luck: 3 Atleast check this one, this time. Nerevar 11-28-2004, 12:50 PM A Magi and Magician are the same thing, Raz. And I think we have enough priest classes. Nerevar 11-28-2004, 12:51 PM Accepted: Crusader Descr: Powerful warrior mage, which is in the service of the light. HP: 25 MP: 25 Str: 6 Def: 5 Mag: 5 Luck: 1 Vilkacis 11-28-2004, 02:06 PM Meh, you gonna do teh werewolf one? Nerevar 11-28-2004, 02:19 PM I already approved it. Just forgot to give you your gold. Check the first post. Dark Musician 11-28-2004, 02:34 PM Did u gived me the gold? :P Nerevar 11-28-2004, 02:55 PM If you look at your gold you'll notice it's 50 or so ahead of your post count, so yes, I did. Off-Topic: Vilkacis, I envy your sig, even though I made it lol Daelin 11-28-2004, 03:01 PM I have another one... Chaos Knight Description: Reptilian hero with wings, adept of fire and flying. HP: 38 MP: 12 Str: 6 Def: 5 Int: 3 Luk: 3 Shadow Hag Description: Darkness hero, adept at draining the life of its enemies and creating hatred into their hearts. HP: 30 MP: 20 Str: 4 Def: 3 Int: 6 Luk: 4 Nerevar 11-28-2004, 03:03 PM I already have that class =D Let someone else submit one before you do another, please. Vilkacis 11-28-2004, 04:38 PM Thanks bro, i love the font and the letters. Daelin 11-28-2004, 04:42 PM Looks impressive your skin... :D The wolf is so... Deep. :D Vilkacis 11-28-2004, 06:36 PM When do you think the hero thing will be ready? Nerevar 11-28-2004, 06:40 PM Another two weeks yet, I'm guessing. varulf 11-30-2004, 01:24 PM Name: Witch Description:Magician hero, adept at brewing potions and casting hexes. HP: 20 MP: 30 Str: 4 Def: 2 Mag: 7 Luk: 4 Name: Necromancer Description:Mage hero adept at raising corpses and controlling the undead HP: 18 MP: 32 Str: 4 Def: 4 Mag: 6 Luk: 3 Daelin 11-30-2004, 03:51 PM Ok... I have my biggy idea here I guess. I thought about it... Bard Description - Mysterios hero which is a master of music. Through the magical music known only by him, he can calm and even control the beasts of the wilderness, along with his enemies, while increasing the morale of his allies. HP: 25 MP: 25 Str: 3 Def: 3 Int: 5 Luk: 6 Dark Musician 11-30-2004, 04:45 PM that musician is me? lol j/k realy its a good idea,if u want to chat more about the ideas,catch me on the msn! :) Samuraipanda 12-01-2004, 10:29 PM I have a suggestion: Libraryen Descr: Protector of the facts, has a huge option of spell books and can summon creatures from books(like trolls from a troll book). HP: 10 MP: 40 Str: 3 Def: 4 Mag: 7 Luck: 2 Pyrotics 12-01-2004, 10:36 PM Name: Taoist Description: A balanced warrior that uses a quarter staff. Can level the playing field with stat altering spells HP: 25 MP: 25 Str: 5 Def: 5 Mag: 5 Luk: 2 and/or Name: Trapper/Bounty Hunter Description: Fights by setting up traps that set off in time. Uses smaller weapons such as short bows and daggers. Traps would use little/no MP but would have certain spells that assist him with his traps (i.e. they set off faster) HP: 45 MP: 5 Str: 6 Def: 4 Mag: 1 Luk: 6 Vilkacis 12-01-2004, 10:39 PM I think we should do another like...area for the 50 points to be spent...instead of just hitpoints and magic points, because like every hero looks the same....like 20 30 or like 10 40 or like 40 10....what other kinda thing could you throw in there...? Nerevar 12-01-2004, 10:58 PM That'll come as soon as I finish balancing the current hero system out. I have to have an equal amount of stats and stat points, and all need to figure into the battle system somewhere. It's a lot more work than it sounds. Vilkacis 12-01-2004, 10:59 PM The battle system sounds like its gonna be a pain in the ass. Nerevar 12-01-2004, 11:49 PM Yeah, it's gonna take weeks to code. Murcielago) 12-02-2004, 12:42 AM Name: Rogue Mage Description: A rogue that kills with magic instead of weapons, uses stealth, then inbeds a shard of ice into ur back HP: 30 MP: 20 Str: 4 Def: 4 Mag: 6 Luck: 3 -Murcielago) Daelin 12-02-2004, 01:19 AM The battle system sounds like its gonna be a pain in the ass. Well yeah... Since he wants to make it real time. The problem about real time systems would be that the owners of hte heroes need to be online ot be able to fight and oh well... This is pretty hard, especially for those who don't have full access. I know what I'm saying because I was into this situation until the last three months. varulf 12-02-2004, 05:37 AM Name: Imp Description: Trixter creature. It's fast and small, making it a hard target. Can shoot fireballs and jynx his enemies. HP: 15 MP: 30 Str: 2 Def: 2 Mag: 5 Luck: 8 Yeah, I know, it's not a class, it's a race, but Imps are awesome Dark Musician 12-02-2004, 08:08 AM nerevar sayd that he only wants classes whit luck down of 5,cause that will make an unfair vantage on the items thing Murcielago) 12-02-2004, 09:49 AM what about mine? no comments? :D -Murcielago) Dragolas77 12-02-2004, 12:58 PM Name: Dragon knight. Description: A swordsman dedicated to the dragons. Skilled in transformation magic and sword fighting. Proficient with longsword. Generally, they shun ranged combat, and they never attack a creature for no reason. HP: 35 MP: 15 Str: 7 Def: 4 Mag: 2 Luck: 5 \ Dark Musician 12-02-2004, 01:02 PM well,well murcy,u could do kinda like a murc of yours,whit ice powers and so on ^_^ and dragolas,dont post two times the same :-&gt; Daelin 12-02-2004, 02:40 PM nerevar sayd that he only wants classes whit luck down of 5,cause that will make an unfair vantage on the items thing He cahnged that... you can now make heroes regardless to their luck.. :D Nerevar 12-02-2004, 06:17 PM Accepted: Name: Dragoon (formerly Dragon Knight) Description: A swordsman dedicated to the dragons. Skilled in transformation magic and sword fighting. Proficient with longsword. Generally, they shun ranged combat, and they never attack a creature for no reason. HP: 35 MP: 15 Str: 7 Def: 4 Mag: 2 Luck: 5 Murcielago) 12-02-2004, 06:21 PM may i ask what is wrong with mine? -Murcielago) Vilkacis 12-02-2004, 06:49 PM then inbeds a shard of ice into ur back Thats whats wrong with yours, and you cant just kill someone with magic. espceially if their mp is lower then thier hp... Nerevar 12-02-2004, 06:53 PM First, Murc, there won't be 'body parts', per ce, so the 'back' is out of the question. Second, you spelled 'imbeds' wrong. Third, the MP is quite low for a priest class. Fourth, I'd like some melee/hybrid classes. We have enough priests. Vilkacis 12-02-2004, 07:26 PM Cant believe no ones used this one...but whatever... Name:Vampire Description:A bloodsucking feind, the Vampire feeds off the living. A versitle spellcaster able to drain the life of his enemies and add to his own. HP:20 MP:30 Str:6 Def:3 Mag:6 Luk:2 Daelin 12-03-2004, 07:30 AM I actually have but in a different way... And vampires are different... :P They are only classes... Murcielago) 12-03-2004, 02:29 PM How about this one :-+ Name: Elemental Warrior Description: A Warrior Enchanter that enchants his weapons and armor to give him the edge over his opponents. Fire to burn his opponents, Ice to slowly freeze his adversaries, poison to cripple his foes, and steel to enhance his armor. HP: 35 MP: 15 Str: 7 Def: 4 Mag: 3 Luck: 4 i just made up steel :P i can be earth if u dont like steel :P -Murcielago) Pyrotics 12-03-2004, 03:47 PM Nerevar, what did you think about my classes? anything wrong with them? because you never mentioned them Vilkacis 12-03-2004, 04:24 PM Storm, Earth and Fire heed my call...Meh, change teh steel to storm...then itll be cool. Murcielago) 12-03-2004, 04:28 PM Name: Elemental Warrior Description: A Warrior Enchanter that enchants his weapons and armor to give him the edge over his opponents. Fire to burn his opponents, Ice to slowly freeze his adversaries, poison to cripple his foes, and storm to enhance his armor. HP: 35 MP: 15 Str: 7 Def: 4 Mag: 3 Luck: 4 changed :P to storm -Murcielago) Vilkacis 12-03-2004, 04:31 PM I like that one...Good Job Black_Scorpion 12-03-2004, 04:32 PM I like this one . :-+ Pyrotics 12-03-2004, 05:51 PM Name: Geomancer Description: Hardy warrior who fights with an axe and controls his surroundings through geomancy. Uses spells such as tanglewall or Earth Glaive(spikes) HP: 30 MP: 20 Str: 4 Def: 6 Mag: 6 Luck: 1 and/or Name: Gambler Description: A warrior that relies entirely on his luck to win battles. The Gambler uses spells that cost little to no mana and have random effects, or have random strengths that aren't affected by the mag stat. HP: 40 MP: 10 Str: 3 Def: 3 Mag: 1 Luck: 10 Murcielago) 12-03-2004, 09:26 PM wouldnt he die most of the time? i mean if the random effect does something like feary fire on himself? -Murcielago) Daelin 12-04-2004, 08:30 AM It sounds like a pretty nice idea... I for one enjoy it. We really could've used a hero with a lot of luck ya know... Nerevar 12-04-2004, 12:40 PM There is something here you all are missing. This RPG will in no way relate to Warcraft III or even the Warcraft universe, thus no elements from any of Blizzard's games whatsoever will be incorporated. varulf 12-04-2004, 01:04 PM Name: Headhunter Description: Cannibalistic warrior, adept with light weapons such as spears and daggers. Collects the heads of his prey and uses it for rituals, potions, food or simply decoration. HP: 20 MP: 20 Str: 5 Def: 3 Mag: 4 Luck: 5 Murcielago) 12-04-2004, 04:22 PM There is something here you all are missing. This RPG will in no way relate to Warcraft III or even the Warcraft universe, thus no elements from any of Blizzard's games whatsoever will be incorporated. umm so that includes elements outside wc3? .....bummer that just kills my last hero right there.... Name: Blacksmith Warrior Description: A rare breed of warrior that search the worl for rare mining engredients, from which to craft powerfull swords and armor, they are especially good with the rare metal Mithril. Special rare stones also incerease weapon damage. HP: 40 MP: 10 Str: 7 Def: 4 Mag: 1 Luck: 5 hows this non-magic/elemental class? you woulndt need to actually craft anything just a higher chance to find rare weapons and armor. unless u want to code crafting which i doubt it -Murcielago) Nerevar 12-04-2004, 04:55 PM I will be coding tradeskills, such as Alchemy, Herb Lore, and Blacksmithing. Murcielago) 12-04-2004, 04:59 PM ah well that throws my last hero out the window... -Murcielago) Nerevar 12-04-2004, 05:54 PM Uhh... I said I would code them, not wouldn't. Murcielago) 12-04-2004, 06:07 PM well yeah....but if everyone can get blacksmith.....theres no point in having a class be a good blacksmith.......unless that makes him better than a normal class with the skill learned....if u get what i mean.. -Murcielago) varulf 12-05-2004, 05:22 AM Name: Magestalker Description: Assasin-like hero with an addiction to magic. Doesn't have any spells but can sense nearby magic or leech enemy spells and use it against them. HP: 22 MP: 28 Str: 5 Def: 4 Mag: 5 Luck: 3 cut_ 12-05-2004, 04:48 PM Name: Businessman Description: Shrewd man who has a natural knack for trade skills. These trade skills earn him more things, which can get him better than average weapons to make up for his worse than average stats. He also prefers to use a ranged weapon because it is "safer". HP: 33 MP: 12 (used for finding things for trade skills) Str: 4 Def: 4 Mag: 2 Luck: 3 If people gain stats every level or some other increment like. His should be a tad lower gain because he learns tradeskills faster. Nerevar 12-05-2004, 04:55 PM This is a medieval RPG, ya dolt! They didn't have businessmen back then. Maybe Merchants and Tradesmen, but not businessmen. What would he fight with, business cards and file folders? Large Dragon sneaks up on Businessman Businessman lurches at Large Dragon with business card Large Dragon shreds business card Brutal Knight comes to the aid of Businessman Brutal Knight is defeated Businessman slowly creeps away "Fear not, fellow warrior, for I have Geico!" Samuraipanda 12-05-2004, 05:05 PM what u can do as a buisness guy is: Wait my following knight...have u ever had the problem with ur sword being rusted..WORRY No more, buy this rust free sword for only 2 bags of gold..dont have money ? noooo problem just Call me by Falcon phone, here is my card cut_ 12-05-2004, 05:06 PM Name: Tradesman, Entrepreneur, Merchant, Trader Description: Shrewd man who has a natural knack for trade skills. He is also a smart man, and knows that better weapons kill things easier. For thsi reason, he uses his superior skill in tradeskills to get himslef better weapons. His starting stats are also a little low to make up for his superior tradeskills. HP: 33 MP: 12 (used for finding things for trade skills) Str: 4 Def: 4 Mag: 2 Luck: 3 If people gain stats every level or some other increment like. His should be a tad lower gain because he learns tradeskills faster. Edit: Haha, I just read your post samuraipanda. I was thinking more along the lines of being able to find better herbs and then make better weapons through blacksmithing. Then he would trade for other things. But roleplaying an actual business man souds entertaining. Nerevar 12-05-2004, 05:08 PM First, you need to read stuff before you post. MP has nothing to do with tradeskills. What do you think Luck is for? Yeah, with bad luck, you're going to make a lot of shiny, high quality weapons. Riiight... cut_ 12-05-2004, 05:14 PM I may have read incorrectly, but don't you get to assign points every level? If so, a good build for whatever the guy might be called would be more luck than most other things. For the magic part. . . hmm. Those are only for spells, so. . . hmm. . . i'll edit this post later. Vilkacis 12-05-2004, 06:13 PM LMFAO, That was priceless Neverar :-+ :-+ Large Dragon sneaks up on Businessman Businessman lurches at Large Dragon with business card Large Dragon shreds business card Brutal Knight comes to the aid of Businessman Brutal Knight is defeated Businessman slowly creeps away "Fear not, fellow warrior, for I have Geico!" Pyrotics 12-06-2004, 12:16 AM I agree with vil. anyways, i am saddened that my gambler idea didn't appeal to you, but thats life. Name: Shogun/Samurai Description: A warrior who fights for honor, uses a few sacred skills and has a very good defence stat due to his heavy armor. HP: 40 MP: 10 Attack: 4 Defence: 7 Magic: 4 Luck: 2 and/or Name: Arcane Berserker Description: A warrior with an insane fighting style that includes blindly throwing oneself into battle without a second thought, using spells as well as the blade. Wears very light, if any, armor. HP: 25 MP: 25 Attack: 7 Defence: 1 Magic: 7 Luck: 2 Nerevar 12-06-2004, 08:43 AM Sorry guys, I haven't been checking the submitted classes much lately. After school I'll update the approval list. The Gambler will be on it, btw. Oh, and a side-note, a Shogun, if I recall, is a leader of the Samurais. Pyrotics 12-06-2004, 03:36 PM Sorry guys, I haven't been checking the submitted classes much lately. After school I'll update the approval list. The Gambler will be on it, btw. Oh, and a side-note, a Shogun, if I recall, is a leader of the Samurais. You are correct in that Nerevar, I was just implying that you may chose to use either one you wih if you so choose to use it Pyrotics 12-06-2004, 08:40 PM Name: Acolyte of Stone or Rock Shaman (pick one) Description: A mage who has a very good defence as he uses stone reinforced armor. Adept at petrifying enemies and can use anything from a pebble to a boulder as a deadly weapon. HP: 20 MP: 30 Attack: 2 Defence: 6 Magic: 6 Luck: 3 and/or Name: Herbologist Description: A warrior who is adept in using powerful potions to inflict status ailments onto his/her opponent. HP: 36 MP: 14 Attack: 5 Defence: 4 Magic: 3 Luck: 5 Dragolas77 12-09-2004, 10:50 AM Name: Shadowknight Description: A dark soldier, the opposite of a paladin. They excel in death magtics, and minor necromancy. They generally use two handed swords, axes, and warhammers. They have weak attack spells to aid them in combat. HP: 35 MP: 15 Attack: 6 Defence: 6 Magic: 2 Luck: 3 Nerevar 12-09-2004, 04:48 PM Ok, that's the last of em. I haven't updated the list yet, but I have all the classes I need. Thanks to all who participated! Pyrotics 12-11-2004, 06:13 AM Nerevar, I would like to tell you that you have not sent me gold for the gambler so whether you were planning on it or forgot, here is just a reminder. Nerevar 12-11-2004, 10:37 AM My apologies, Pyrotics. It's been a rather busy week. Here's your gold now. Dragolas77 12-12-2004, 07:11 PM Okay, cool. I take it there's no create-a-race? XD Daelin 12-13-2004, 09:54 AM Guildmaster - Defensive hero, master of foraging. Has very small magic skills though... HP: 45 MP: 5 Str: 4 Def: 6 Mag: 1 Luk: 6 Nerevar 12-13-2004, 03:06 PM Class submission is closed. Sorry. vBulletin v3.0.3, Copyright &copy;2000-2005, Jelsoft Enterprises Ltd.