# t-559
Source: http://web.archive.org/web/20050505232428/http://www.herorpg.net/forum/archive/index.php?t-559.html
---
Hero RPG 4.0 - Hero: Create-a-Monster Hero RPG 4.0 &gt; Hero &gt; Development &gt; Hero: Create-a-Monster PDA View Full Version : Hero: Create-a-Monster Nerevar 12-19-2004, 10:07 AM This time around, I need monsters. These will be monsters you can actually fight, though there are some specifics. Here are the rules: Cannot be a very traditional monster, such as Goblin Must not be prefixed with the words 'A' or 'The' Cannot be any lower in level than the location requires (read about locations below) Item drops are totally random and will be allocated by the admins Gold drops are based on luck and will be allocated by the admins Location can be decided by you, but must be on in the list below Class cannot be anything other than Warrior, Mage, or Thief 'Boss' monsters will be allocated by admins only Name cannot contain your name or anything pertaining to your account HP/MP must be reasonable according to level (IE: 10hp, 0mp at level 1) In your post, you need to specify the following: Name: Class: Race (if applicable): Description: Level: HP: MP: Location: The locations are as follows (without description, but with level requirement): Valendor Isle 0 (CITY) Village of Librinia 0 Lost Dungeon 10 Tower of Leires 20 Fields of Lifa 35 Bitter Coast 50 Mt. Tenyra 65 Fury, the Underworld 85 (CITY) City of Moorhaven 15 Clearbarrow Castle 33 Lochhollow Forest 5 Springwyn Island 28 Thorngate Fortress 90 Each accepted entrant will be granted 20 gold. Good luck! Accepted: Name: Tylathian Mage Class: Mage Race: Tylathian Description: The Tylathians are an amphibius race that live on the meat of other creatures. They are small ad brightly coloured, but they are extremly intelligent able to master magics and complex fighting. The mage is a leader of a pod (group of Tylathians consisting of about 20 members, mostley non combatants) and is a powerfull mage. Level: 32 MP: Undecided HP: Undecided Location: Springwyn Island Name: Tylathian Scalebrother Class: Warrior Race: Tylathian Description: The scalebrothers are slightly larger than their fellow Tylathians, they form the brutes and gaurds in Tylathian sociaty. Level: 29 HP: Undecided MP: Undecided Location: Springwyn Island Name: Specter Class: Mage Race: Ghost? Description: A dark mage of the underworld, it uses dark magic to defeat his opponents. Level: 12 HP: 100 MP: 60 Location: Lost Dungeon Name: Phoenix Class: Warrior Race: Phoenix Description: A bird burning with such hatred it has errupted into a mighty flame. Level: 34 HP: 385 MP: 80 Location: Clearbarrow Castle Name: Gagana Class: Warrior Race: Gagana? Description: A miraculous bird with an iron beak and copper claws Level: 4 HP: 35 MP: 10 Location: Valendor Isle Name: Kraken Class: Warrior Race: Kraken Description: Part octopus and part crab, the Kraken is an enormous sea monster which would sometimes attack ships and feed upon the sailors. Level: 30 HP: 340 MP: 40 Location: Springwyn Island Name: Hawkeren Warrior Class: Warrior Race: Hawkeren Description: A half human, half hawk monster that attacks with powerful blows of his wings and has storming powers. Level: 65 HP: ? MP: ? Location: Mt. Tenyra Name: Hawkeren Mage Class: Mage Race: Hawkeren Description: As the first one, but can fly and use wind and lightning as his main powers. Level: 65 HP: ? MP: ? Location: Mt. Tenyra Name: Hawkeren Summoner Class: Mage Race: Hawkeren Description: As the first one, but summons hawks, crows, and creatures like that. Level: 65 HP: ? MP: ? Location: Mt. Tenyra Name: Cursed Phantom Class: Mage Race (if applicable): Ghost i guess, or undead Description: A ghostly being adept at stopping enemy units from making certain types of attacks for periods of time. This monster always cast a spell that stops a person from using a more desired attack (e.g. mage = disable magic, swordsman = disable physical). it then uses weaker attacks to finish off a person. It only ever uses 1 disabling attack (other wise it is unfair) Level: 92 HP: not as much as other monsters in the same location as the Cursed Phantom MP: Alot more than other monsters in the same location as the Cursed Phantom Location: Fury, The underworld. PlasticAngel 12-19-2004, 10:51 AM Name: Rootweed Class: Warrior Race: None Description: The Rootweed lives in a symbios with a tree mimicing the trees roots, the tree provides the RW with vitamins from the sun and a water. The RW in turn attacks almost anything that comes within range. After the RW has killed its prey it leaves the corpse to decompose under the ground, thus enrichening the trees soil. Level: 6 Hp/Mp: You decide... Location: Lochhollow Forest Name: Tylathian Mage Class: Mage Race: Tylathian Description: The Tylathians are an amphibius race that live on the meat of other creatures. They are small ad brightly coloured, but they are extremly intelligent able to master magics and complex fighting. The mage is a leader of a pod (group of Tylathians consisting of about 20 members, mostley non combatants.) and is a powerfull mage. Level: 32 MP: Up to you HP: Up to you Location: Springwyn Island Name: Tylathian Scalebrother Class: Warrior Race: Tylathian Description: The scalebrothers are slightly larger than their fellow Tylathians, they form the brutes and gaurds in Tylathian sociaty. Level: 29 HP: Up to you MP: Up to you Location: Springwyn Island Hope you like these ones. P.A Vilkacis 12-19-2004, 11:01 AM Name:Specter Class:Mage Race (if applicable):Ghost? Description:A dark mage of the underworld, it uses dark magic to defeat his opponents. Level:12 HP:100 MP:60 Location:Lost Dungeon Name:Phoenix Class:Warrior? Race (if applicable):Phoenix Description:A bird burning with such hatred it has errupted into a mighty flame. Level:34 HP:385 MP:80 Location:Clearbarrow Castle Name:Gagana Class:Warrior Race (if applicable):Gagana? Description:a miraculous bird with the iron beak and copper claws Level:4 HP:35 MP:10 Location:Valendor Isle Name:Kraken Class:Warrior Race (if applicable):Kraken Description:Part octopus and part crab, the Kraken is an enormous sea monster which would sometimes attack ships and feed upon the sailors. Level:30 HP:340 MP:40 Location:Springwyn Island More to come... Daelin 12-19-2004, 12:35 PM Name:Thelemar Class:Mage Race:Abomination Description: Four heads creature with body covered with feathers and sphere form. It is a flying creature, each head unleashing different beams: Poisoned, Frost, Fire and Shock and cast related magic. Each head has separate life and must be attacked separately if you don't use mass magic (attacks more than one unit). Level: 9 HP: 30 (per head) MP: 25 (per head) Location: Lochhollow Forest Name: Hagan Class: Warrior Race: Humanoid Description: Huge humanoid creature with six arms and two faced head. Very strong but very stupid. Cannot cast any magic and is vulnerable to it but can unleash severe physical damage. They can usually be found alone in dungeons because they hate light. Level: 25 HP: 315 MP: 0 Location: Lost Dungeon Name:Kymara Class:Thief Race:Vampire Description: Small women with big teeth. Can steal the life of the living but are very vulnerable to physical attacks and light magic. Level: 3 MP: 18 HP: 20 Location: Valendor Isle Name: Cythar Class:Warrior Race:Animal Description: Two headed horse with a pair of long horns for each head. The heads are placed int the front and the back so it is very hard to surprise. Can call upon the fury of the earth if threatened. Level: 16 MP: 50 HP: 155 Location: Lochhollow Forest Name: Thitilas Class:Warrior Race:Animal Description: Black colored tiger, with huge fangs and a long powerful tail. Has a fair of wings and can morph into a Black Panther. As a tiger it is strong but slow, as a panther it is fast but more vulnerable to attacks. Each morphing costs mana. Level: 4 MP: 20 HP: 50 Location:Valendor Isle Name: Pylthis Class:Mage Race:Ghost Description: Floating Ghost which roams only into the dungeons. It has a long black robe and its face is covered with a hood. Moreover it is floating and can either terrorify or paralyze its enemies so it can then take their soul. Vulnerable to fire, light magic and ranged attacks. Level: 11 MP: 70 HP: 55 Location:Lost Dungeon Name: Glimmer Class:Thief Race:Goblin Description: Insidious small goblin, usually stealing the gold of the travellers who walk through the woods. If discovered, he will become a small fanatic, very fast and hard to caught, using "behind" attacks, fast and poisoned strikes or use his "whirlwind" special attack through which the goblin rotates around himself very very fast, to unleash a special wind which pushes the enemies back, confused. Level: 13 HP: 65 MP: 65 Location: Lost Dungeon Name: Kyos Class:Mage Race:Bird Description: Magestic mystical bird that appears only in illuminated places. Has very colored glowing and can reflect magic back through them. Usually pacifist creature, which will surely counterattack if challanged. Protector of light and prosperity, can unleash powerful magic attacks. Level: 42 HP: 365 MP: 140 Location:Fields of Lifa (hope I didn't make this one too powerful or weak...Tell me if I did and I'll change the stats) Nerevar 12-19-2004, 12:47 PM Oh, forgot to mention, you can't put monsters in towns. Black_Scorpion 12-19-2004, 03:34 PM Name: Shadow Class: Mage Race: Devils Description: Scary creature with two horns, It's color is so dark that no-one can see it at night . Level:90 HP: 940 MP: 350 Name: Pain Killer Class: Warrior Race: Demons Description: Pain Killer comes from behind an enemy and remove his head with his axe in an incredible speed . Level: 45 HP: 400 MP: 900 Name: Hollow Man Class: Thief Race: Robbers Description: It's a human but he has long hands. Hollow Man can take some of his enemy's money and run away quickly . Level: 6 HP: 750 MP: 100 I'll think of more later . Nerevar 12-19-2004, 04:18 PM Does anyone ever read what I post? Monsters cannot be in cities. Pigsy 12-19-2004, 09:45 PM Name: Cursed Phantom Class: Mage Race (if applicable): Ghost i guess, or undead Description: A ghostly being adept at stopping enemy units from making certain types of attacks for periods of time. This monster always cast a spell that stops a person from using a more desired attack (e.g. mage = disable magic, swordsman = disable physical). it then uses weaker attacks to finish off a person. It only ever uses 1 disabling attack (other wise it is unfair) Level: 92 HP: not as much as other monsters in the same location as the Cursed Phantom MP: Alot more than other monsters in the same location as the Cursed Phantom Location: Fury, The underworld. Name: Witch doctor Class: Mage Race (if applicable): I dont care what you make this Description: Uses regeneration abilities to restore health over time. can also put negative and positive status effects. Level: 32 HP: Less health than other monsters in the same location as the Witch doctor. MP: More mana than other monsters in the same location as the witch doctor. Location: Springwyn Island By the way, i put those notes down for hp and mp because im not too sure how much health and mp they should have. you can decide because it really depends on the other monsters and im not sure how strong they are. Raziel 12-19-2004, 10:16 PM I dunno what place is wat so maybe u can just put htem into sumthing they belong in.. Name: Bogling Class: Creature? Race (if applicable): Swamp Dweller Description: Short and fat mucky creature that lives near swamps and bogs. Level: 12 HP: 47 MP: 5 Location: Swamps and bogs (does it have to be specific?) Name: Hell Knight Class: Warrior Race (if applicable): Demon Description: Massive demon that wears dark armor and weild a eternaly flaming sword Level: 79 HP: 275 MP: 50 Location: Various Deep Caves and Labyrinths Name: Giant Wyrm Class: Creature Race (if applicable): Dragonic Description: Giant dragon like creature but, instead of fire it is adept in ice magic. Level: 25 HP: 120 MP: 25 Location: Caves and Dungeons Name: Felbat Class: Creature Race (if applicable): Demonic Bats Description: Inraged bat that feasts on flesh. Level: 6 HP: 27 MP: 0 Location: Dark Caves, Dungeons, Caverns tell me if i did sumthing wrong Black_Scorpion 12-20-2004, 04:14 AM Does anyone ever read what I post? Monsters cannot be in cities. Can't I put the location ?? Nerevar 12-20-2004, 06:37 AM Oh, forgot to mention, you can't put monsters in towns. Name: Pain Killer Class: Warrior Race: Demons Description: Pain Killer comes from behind an enemy and remove his head with his axe in an incredible speed . Level: 45 HP: 400 MP: 900 Location: City of Moorhaven Yeah, I said a long time before you ever posted that that you can't put monsters in towns/cities. Moorhaven is a city - I think I made that perfectly clear. Seriously, if you were shopping in a town, would you want to get beheaded? I think not. Daelin 12-21-2004, 10:21 AM I guess mine were not good enough? Hmm... I may have some here as well: Pixie Class Mage Race: Faerie Description: Small Faerie creature which the body of a female and the wings of a butterfly. Can cast very weak spells. Level: 1 MP: 10 HP: 10 Location: Lochhollow Forest Unicorn Class: Warrior Race: Unicorn? Description: White horse with a golden horn on its front. Usually meditates in the forests and communes with the forces of nature. His horn can reflect the magic. Level: 29 HP: 450 MP: 225 Location: Springwyn Island Heruviam Class: Warrior Race: Angel Description: Powerful angelic warrior capable of handling those who follow the darkness. He can attack his enemies with his powerful sword or cast divine magic to exorcise or even eliminate the enemies of the holy light. Level: 81 HP: 1722 MP: 640 Location: Mt. Tenyra Heretic Class: Mage Race: Demon Description: Powerful demon with a pair of two wings and flaming hands. Wearing a powerful armor and possessing Tharax, the book of demons, these atrocities can turn their opponents into ashes in a matter of moments. Can cast demonic spells of huge complexity and power. Level: 98 MP: 2250 HP: 1865 Location: Thorngate Fortress Pyrotics 12-21-2004, 10:26 AM Name: Archonian Aetherlord Class: Mage Race : Archonian (The Archonians are all part of one entity that has been split into many archonians(goes for all archonians)) Description: An archonian who has powers over time and space. Has power over voids and can distort reality (stats) Level: 92 HP: 500 MP: 950 Location: Thorngate Fortress Name: Archonian Striker Class: Theif Race: Archonian Description: A very stealthy warrior who can quickly strike multiple times before his enemy knows what hit him/her. Has a mastery over certain chemicals that can cause status effects on opponents to impair them. high Speed Level: 90 HP: 800 MP: 400 Location: Thorngate Fortress Name: Archonian Dreadnaught Class: Warrior Race: Archonian Description: A brutish archonian who is built like a wall. The few spells he has are for pumping himself up. High Defence Level: 93 HP: 1300 MP: 150 Location: Thorngate Fortress more soon Mystic_Cooler 12-22-2004, 12:14 PM Name: Demonic Warroir Class:Warrior Race (if applicable): Demon Description:A with demon in black armor and a giant sword Level:87 HP:540 MP:120 Location:Fury, the Underworld Name:Blind Assasin Class:Thife Race (if applicable):Human Description:A man in ninja like suit with a sword.... Level:8 HP:30 MP:20 Location:Lochhollow Forest Name:Titan Class:Warroir Race (if applicable):Titan Description:A Giant Bronzey-Iron man. Level:89 HP:750 MP:200 Location:Thorngate Fortress Name:Germite Class:Warroir Race (if applicable):Germite Description: A Rat like man Who has crappy armour and a little Nife... Level:4 Hp:15 Mp:0 Location:Lochhollow Forest Name:Germite Marksman Class:Warroir Race (if applicable):Germite Description: A Germite with a Crossbow Level:5 Hp:15 Mp:0 Location:Lochhollow Forest Name:Germite Shaman Class:Mage Race (if applicable):Germite Description: A Germite Shaman Would Wear a Cheap Robe and have weak Spells Level:6 Hp:15 Mp:20 Location:Lochhollow Forest Name:Germite Leader Class:Warroir Race (if applicable):Germite Description: A Germite Leader who would usually be with meany outher Germite's and be a bit bigger Level:10 Hp:25 Mp:0 Location:Lochhollow Forest Vilkacis 12-22-2004, 08:12 PM Name:Goblin Engineer Class:Warrior Race (if applicable):Goblin... Description:Boss goblin of the Lost Dungeon Goblins. Level:16 HP:160 MP:0 Location:Lost Dungeon Name:Goblin Miner Class:Warrior Race (if applicable):Goblin... Description:Small but strong, these are the most abundant types of goblins. Level:10 HP:90 MP:0 Location:Lost Dungeon Dark Musician 12-23-2004, 03:24 PM ok,here is my try: Name:Threnka Class: Hunter Race (if applicable): Description: Its a monster that can turn invisible when he has suficient MP,also it is very fast on combat Level: 84 HP: up to you MP: up to you Location: Fury, the Underworld Name: Tenkro Class: Spectre (is it rigth spelled) Race (if applicable): uknown Description: its a spectre mage which can move side to side very fast,also it has a high magic powers Level: 88 HP: up to ya MP: up to ya (must be high ;) ) Location: Fury,the Underworld RedFoxofHell 12-23-2004, 09:56 PM Name: Havok Class: Warrior Race (if applicable): Demon Description: Powerful Demon warrior which all evil stems from. Level: 95 HP: ? MP: ? Location: Fury, the Underworld Mc ! 01-04-2005, 06:05 PM Name: Hawkeren Warrior Class: Warrior Race: Hawkeren Description: A half human, half hawk monster that attacks with powerful blows of his wings and has storming powers. Level: 65 HP: ? MP: ? Location: Mt. Tenyra Name: Hawkeren Mage Class: Mage Race: Hawkeren Description: As the first one, but can fly and use wind and lightning as his main powers. Level: 65 HP: ? MP: ? Location: Mt. Tenyra Name: Hawkeren Summoner Class: Mage Race: Hawkeren Description: As the first one, but summons hawks, crows, and creatures like that. Level: 65 HP: ? MP: ? Location: Mt. Tenyra Vilkacis 01-04-2005, 06:34 PM A few new monsters have been accepted. Keep trying people, We need more monsters!!! Pigsy 01-05-2005, 06:49 AM Name: Mugger Class: theif Race: human Description: A low life running through the forests, Doesnt attack, cast spells or defend. this unskillful foe steals and attempts to run away but only complete fools let this foe escape. Level: 6 HP: ? MP: ? Location: Lochollow forest Name: Cactuar Class: thief Race: Plant (LOL) Description: A plant very well known upon everyone. This rare plant attacks with 1000 needles (or something similar). it flees when it thinks it maybe defeated but if killed, they grant much gold and usually hold some handy equipment. Level: 32 HP: ? MP: ? Location: Springwyn Island Name: Vampire Bat Class: thief Race: i dont really care Description: A weak bat that drains the Hp and Mp. Level: 12 HP: ? MP: ? Location: Lost Dungeon vBulletin v3.0.3, Copyright &copy;2000-2005, Jelsoft Enterprises Ltd.