# t-587
Source: http://web.archive.org/web/20050505232356/http://www.herorpg.net/forum/archive/index.php?t-587.html
---
Hero RPG 4.0 - Hero Priority Survey Hero RPG 4.0 &gt; Hero &gt; Development &gt; Hero Priority Survey PDA View Full Version : Hero Priority Survey Nerevar 12-30-2004, 05:44 PM What do you think the Hero team should prioritize on? Please tell me your thoughts and vote on the poll. This will give us an idea of how to make the game fun, without constants and with a good variety. Pyrotics 12-30-2004, 09:04 PM I think that Hero RPG should focus on being able to get cool items and awesome equipment, buisiness shouldn't be the biggest part of the game because it would be hard for people with little gold to compete in the game. Battling is of course important, however, it can get boring without a wide variety of spells and magical items. Vilkacis 12-30-2004, 11:19 PM Business/Stockmarket now, we got enough items for the open beta. Dark Musician 12-31-2004, 04:38 AM combat features,cz all the other things can be cool,and the combat features should be too,I just dont go there to buy items and so on... Daelin 12-31-2004, 07:00 AM Usually combat impresses and when it will become multiplayer or something like this it will make people addicted. Just having cool items and walking through places can be really boring. You can have the BEST story and system as long as you don't have a spell arsenal and a very good combat system. Spells are also a thing to focus. Most of the games that fascinated me had awsome spell arsenal. Believe me... Black_Scorpion 12-31-2004, 10:03 AM I think you should prioritize on Combat Features most . Vilkacis 12-31-2004, 10:40 AM Spells will not be implemented untill Phase 3. Nerevar 12-31-2004, 11:19 AM The only use for MP in Hero 2.0 will be an MP Attack (temporary spell replacement) for mages, in which the amount of damage dealt is the amount of MP used - though there is not a damage limit, it's from 1 to your max amount of MP. It can be quite useful when a regular attack won't help much. Daelin 12-31-2004, 11:50 AM Indeed... But I mentioned this as a general part. And anyway, combat system is very important as I mentioned before. Murcielago) 12-31-2004, 12:21 PM i wish i could vote 2 times, combat and items, it boring if u cant get cool items to showoff to other people, however without a good combat system its also boring. like i said i wvote for those 2...well yeh :P -Murcielago) Pigsy 01-01-2005, 07:20 AM I think a good fight makes things fun. Items are the icing on the cake for me. 1 thing that i hate is LONG boring fights where you waste like 10 damage and the enemy has 2000 health. Pyrotics 01-01-2005, 09:29 AM I think i will clear up my last post a bit. I never said that Combat isn't important and that it shouldn't be there alot, i said that combat should already be important and items, like pigsy said, are icing on the cake that will make combat more interesting. SO, by having really cool items, it will enhance combat whereas trying to enhance combat without having alot of uniqueness to each battle becuase of cool items, will be harder. Nerevar 01-01-2005, 09:52 AM Well, sorry to say, but items are not icing here. Items are part of the cake this time. If your items suck, you have no chance. But newbies won't have much challenge starting off, so it's not much of a problem until later levels. varulf 01-01-2005, 02:17 PM I voted for combat features, but I'm an idiot - i meant non-combat features What most RPG's suffer from is that they get boring pretty fast, because of the endless battles for experience and items. Most of them is about moving around in maze-like levels and sometimes get a random encounter. PLEASE don't make us wander around in maze-like levels for all eternity! Give us some nice different missions that doesn't all revolve around killing or exploring caves. Murcielago) 01-01-2005, 02:25 PM i think u mean like quests? a way would be to go find a particular monster, and kill it, then u get the itme, then u walk to the city, and talk to the guy and finish your quest, interesting idea imo :P -Murcielago) varulf 01-01-2005, 03:35 PM i think u mean like quests? a way would be to go find a particular monster, and kill it, then u get the itme, then u walk to the city, and talk to the guy and finish your quest, interesting idea imo :P -Murcielago) that's pretty much the opposite of what I mean. I mean quests that don't revolve around finding items and killing monsters - that's been done a million times and while it's fun once in a while, to much of it is... well to much. You could add some different kinds of gameplay. Take chrono trigger for example - you're in the middle of a nowhere creeping zone, and all of the sudden you get a sidequest racing spacecars. That's awesome. Now, I'm not suggesting adding spacecar races to your RPG (it's set in medieval times, right?), but something out of the ordinary, gameplay wise. Murcielago) 01-01-2005, 03:57 PM humm why not random events? would be a pain to code tho :P -Murcielago) Pyrotics 01-01-2005, 08:28 PM Well, sorry to say, but items are not icing here. Items are part of the cake this time. If your items suck, you have no chance. But newbies won't have much challenge starting off, so it's not much of a problem until later levels. Don't be sorry Nerevar, if Items aren't icing, even better! the fact that cool items will be needed means that all of people's skills have to be put to use for the game to be good. E.g. to get a good item you have to either create, or buy it. To create it, you would need items that you get from fighting and exploring, you would also need to be able to create it with your non-combat skills. If you were to buy an item, then you would need gold that you could get from buisness/market and combat. Nerevar 01-02-2005, 12:09 AM Yep, you pretty much summed up Hero 2.0 there, Pyrotics. That's mainly how everything will work. Raziel 01-02-2005, 01:50 AM I like what murc said, but combat would be more important. - Razadoodle Vilkacis 01-02-2005, 02:08 AM Like what i did with your name Razadoodle? Raziel 01-02-2005, 02:29 AM i am teh razadoodle! phear teh RaZaDoOdLe!!! Dark Musician 01-02-2005, 05:17 AM hehe =P anyways,I dont know very good,both suggestions are good,how about do both of them?I know it will take more,but it will be more fun :) I prefer wait more,then have a better thing,that wait less,and win less too.... Nerevar 01-02-2005, 11:14 AM If you were the one coding, DM, I might just take your suggestion into mind. Dark Musician 01-02-2005, 11:48 AM hmmm,well I know its very hard (I see my brother working at codes on my side,and he works for days -_- ) I would gladly help,but I just know html,and not much -_- Anyways,on the weekends I might ask my older bro if u are stuck or something (he studies coding,he almost finished the institut..) Daelin 01-02-2005, 01:56 PM I believe that Nerevar will like to do it himself and getting stuck... I don't think it will happen to him. Raziel 01-02-2005, 02:11 PM I believe that Nerevar will like to do it himself and getting stuck... I don't think it will happen to him. LOL, I don't think he could get stuck he prolly has to much exp. by now. :huh: Gitlich 01-08-2005, 09:01 PM i think combat features should naturaly be the most important side to hero abilites, but stckmarket features should come a close second. as it encourages people to not just come to this site for the rpg, but to get more involved in the community Dragolas77 01-09-2005, 05:04 PM Combat/tradeskills. They're worthless without eachother. Noone wants to play "Click attack 100 times" or "Hero fishing rpg" vBulletin v3.0.3, Copyright &copy;2000-2005, Jelsoft Enterprises Ltd.