# t-597
Source: http://web.archive.org/web/20050505232432/http://www.herorpg.net/forum/archive/index.php?t-597.html
---
Hero RPG 4.0 - Developer's Story Hero RPG 4.0 &gt; Hero &gt; Development &gt; Developer's Story PDA View Full Version : Developer's Story Nerevar 01-03-2005, 06:23 PM The Lost Prophecy, Part I When day is night and the Kingdom calls, From the stars a savior falls. From the sky the saviors came, In their glowing red streak of flame. The golden land grows rich and strong, The kingdom of east will prosper long. From the west a messenger comes, Bringing news of swords and drums. The long awaited will reveal, Two long blades of forbidden steel. The only hope for the west, Blades bring the demand for quest. From the midst a Hero rises, Victory shall go to the wisest. The Lost Prophecy, Part II [To be Revealed] Footnote This is the prophecy that will depict the storyline in the world of Arca. Decipher its meaning and its riddles, and you may become the Hero the prophecies speak of. The second prophecy is yet to be found - uncover its scripture and you may be greatly rewarded. Vilkacis 01-03-2005, 06:30 PM o_O ............................ Black_Scorpion 01-04-2005, 04:54 AM Good one Nerevar, I love it :happy: . Nerevar 01-04-2005, 06:39 AM o_O ............................ Pigsy 01-04-2005, 06:56 AM I understand........... No it makes no sense. something about a hero coming along and there will be battle. if its not that then well im screwed Dark Musician 01-04-2005, 07:58 AM huh,it isnt that bad -_- I like it :) gj Raziel 01-04-2005, 11:08 AM o_O Nuff Said. Makes me think that if u do sumthing right you'll get some special blade and beable to do sumthing.... varulf 01-04-2005, 02:56 PM someone should make a prophecy theory thread, where we can discuss our theories of the prophecy. I would make one but... then I'd have to use my mouse, and to do that I'd have to move my arms... i don't have the strenght to do that right now. Nerevar 01-04-2005, 06:02 PM Most of you don't seem to understand what this is. This isn't a piece of writing I just thought I'd post - this is a scripture directly pertinent to the storyline of Hero. It's your choice whether to simply compliment me on it or decipher it, though the longer you wait to find its meaning, the longer it takes for the next part of the story to unravel. Pigsy 01-05-2005, 07:14 AM This is what i think the riddle means (this is what I think):- When day is night and the Kingdom calls, From the stars a savior falls. - I think this refers to a hero being slain or assassinated or something. From the sky the saviors came, In their glowing red streak of flame. - I think this means that heroes come to avenge the slain hero's death The golden land grows rich and strong, - No idea what this means.... The kingdom of east will prosper long. - I think this means the kindom of the east have a formidible army so they are more powerful than the west. From the west a messenger comes, Bringing news of swords and drums. - A challenge into a war or something. (LOL, i dont even think this matches hero's storyline at all) The long awaited will reveal, Two long blades of forbidden steel. The only hope for the west, Blades bring the demand for quest. - These blades are what are required to win a fight or something. (this must be what you have to find or something) From the midst a Hero rises, Victory shall go to the wisest. - The victor is the hero who completes this quest. This is what i think and if its wrong, ill be screwed in Hero wont i :wacko: Vilkacis 01-05-2005, 02:24 PM I think it has something to do with Aliens.... :alien: :alien: :alien: (god those aliens are tackey...I needa Photoshop out the extra area...) Mc ! 01-08-2005, 06:30 PM My theory: When day is night and the Kingdom calls, From the stars a savior falls. - It means that when darkness come to the world, the people will claim help, but the hero will lose the battle. From the sky the saviors came, In their glowing red streak of flame. - But he will emerge trimphant again to defeat darkness The golden land grows rich and strong, The kingdom of east will prosper long. - If he defeats darkness the land will be in light, in peace, in harmony. From the west a messenger comes, Bringing news of swords and drums. - Maybe this means that darkness will pass then to east, an a messenger will come to tell the hero and a battle against darkness will start. The long awaited will reveal, Two long blades of forbidden steel. - Then the hero will fight again, maybe with special blades or something. The only hope for the west, Blades bring the demand for quest. - The quest must be succesful, it is the only hope, the quest is to defeat darkness From the midst a Hero rises, Victory shall go to the wisest. - And the hero will be victorius. Nerevar 01-08-2005, 06:36 PM Very nice theories indeed, Mc ! I'll not reveal any answers, you'll have to find those yourself when the story is implemented. But good theories, I like that. Gitlich 01-08-2005, 08:53 PM my theory, flawed though it may be; When day is night and the Kingdom calls, From the stars a savior falls. From the sky the saviors came, soemthing about an eclips possabley, then a kingdom calling makes me think of a nation calling out in turmoil. some kind of cataclim has taken place possably In their glowing red streak of flame. The golden land grows rich and strong, The kingdom of east will prosper long. red streak of flame, possably something to do with anger or vengance. if kingdom proserps, and one is in turmiol, perhaps its a war that has taken place. the east has won, and the destoyed nation calls for a hero in anger. perhaps the east has enslaved the west From the west a messenger comes, Bringing news of swords and drums. the western army has risen under the hero that fell from the sky perhaps The long awaited will reveal, Two long blades of forbidden steel. The only hope for the west, Blades bring the demand for quest. the west must fight to regain its prosperity, soemthing about tow blades leads me to belive their might be two heros, or maby some kind of alter ego thing From the midst a Hero rises, Victory shall go to the wisest. the west somehow use some valubal knowledge of the easts weakenss to overthrow them Nerevar 01-08-2005, 09:25 PM Very nice as well. I like all of your theories. Lets hope one of you will turn out right when the time comes =) Elreth 03-14-2005, 04:46 PM Ello, this'll be my first post here, so hi, I guess. I love puzzles, so I thought i'd give this a try. Of course, this is kind of hard without more information, like how the people who gave this prophecy used words and slang and ect. But we can try. When day is night and the Kingdom calls, From the stars a savior falls. Well, since this can be interpretted several ways, the idea is to find one that is in keeping with the rest of it. Eh, ill work as I go along if thats ok (which doesnt really matter cause im doing it first). When 'day is night' can mean figuratively, or literally, so there could be an eclipse, spell, or natural disaster (volcanic eruption, huge storm), that has darkened the land. Or it could be using night as a reference to evil, and fear, perhaps some kind of impending doom or mire that plagues the people, but this seems like grasping at straws to me. Besides, in the next segment, it refers to glowing red streaks of flame, which would make more sense in contrast to a physical darkness, but it could be a double metaphor, I suppose. Anyway, the next line's first word is from, which means that where he comes from is important, then there's the answer, the stars, a mysterious (and often thought powerful) place, associated with the heavens, god, and ect. A saviour, so he's a good guy, but he falls, which is puzzling. You can fall from heaven (to betray god, but there is no god, it's gods in this setting, so that saying probably has no meaning), you can fall in battle, to die, and you can fall, to descend. It could be any of the three at this point, but if we look at the next lines... From the sky the saviors came, In their glowing red streak of flame. From the sky, ok, so unless this is a metaphor (damn them, they make things hard), the fall probably does not mean to fall in battle. It could be either of the first two, since the sky and the stars are often associated with heaven, but he's a saviour, why would he be evil? Saviours, now theres more then one? Also notice that this is past tense, so since this is the past, the author would have known what actually happened, so they might be more direct. Also notice that the first line is not in past tense, so there is a chance that this isnt in chronological order, and that for some reason it was obvious to the author and not us. Tense could also be unimportant, and that the author is just relaying what he saw in some kind of vision, which would mean that if it was all in any tense it would make perfectly good sense, but why switch it, unless he thought it was obvious tense didn't matter. Let's assume for the moment that he knew how it's readers would think and wrote accordingly. Anyway, there's a single streak, so they traveled together, like on a starship or something? The golden land grows rich and strong, The kingdom of east will prosper long. Not to dwell on tense, but note we're in present tense. Maybe it was written during this time, and the previous two lines were just to help establish a time line. This seems to be pretty obvious, seems. There's some kingdom in the east, possibly the golden land, or the golden land could be a different place. Anyway, this place will have a long time of happiness. From the west a messenger comes, Bringing news of swords and drums. Although this is present tense, it could be a relation of events, as previously stated. The messenger could be an ally send word of some evil and asking for help, or it could be an enemy scout force, but since it mentions drums, which isnt really something traditionally used by an enemy to threaten someone, im inclined to say ally. The long awaited will reveal, Two long blades of forbidden steel. Ok, here's where the tense seems to come together, just to clear all my tense ramblings up. It seems as though the first two lines are used to establish a time frame, and since there's a long period of peace, im inclined to say that they are. Otherwise, we have the first part, we get saved by mysterious people, great, and then we have peace for a long time, who cares about the rest of it? So we have the first four lines as past, to determine a time frame and to remind of us of these saviours. Then the next four of something happening or about to happen. And then the last six of what will happen, must happen or could happen. Anyway, the long awaited, if you are awaited, it means someone was waiting for you, expecting you. Perhaps with anticipation, perhaps with dread, perhaps with something else. Anyway, awaited could be singular or plural, and he/she/they reveal, which implies they might have been hidden, two weapons. Theyre steel, but that could just be slang, they might not be steel, per se. Forbidden, that's the tricky word, they could be cursed, or evil, or who knows what. The only hope for the west, Blades bring the demand for quest. Ok, so here we have a warning, well the east is fine I guess, so if we're worried about the west, that means that there must be someone there to care about, so that reinforces the ally theory. We're back to the blades, and it's wierd because even though theyre not sepperated by periods, they seem to be different sentences. Anyway, i'd guess it mean that the only hope for the west is if the blades and their connecting quest is sucessful. From the midst a Hero rises, Victory shall go to the wisest. Here we have a hero now, notice how it's capitalized, like he's famous, like God is capitalized when you're referring to the chrisitan god, but not when I dont mean any god in particular. Another from, from the midst, the midst of what? Perhaps the quest. Perhaps a quest with a lot of people involved. Where he can 'rise' above the rest. Some kind of huge quest where countless people have died trying to find something? Perhaps some OWA? Where would be heroes get to fight rats and get robed while camping? The wisest one will win. Well, I hope thats me. Vilkacis 03-14-2005, 05:02 PM WOW. Thats like...Amazing...I cant believe you even typed all that...If you would like to help us out with the Lore, or anything else, on the project please contact me or Nerevar on AIM or MSN. My AIM is Vilkacis666, MSN is Vilkacis666@hotmail.com Raziel 03-14-2005, 08:02 PM Mkay i thought about the story of terakar and shiz.. so here it goes Ok, someone is gonna come and help fight evil and maybe some people are gonna help him the red streak of flame is gonna melt away the ice land and its gonna regrow. then someone is gonna come and tell them of 2 blades that can defeat terakar, and people begin to search for the blades. and if they find them, they will win. Hey, elreth go to http://www.herorpg.net/forum/showthread.php?t=631 and come back and think about it. Pigsy 03-20-2005, 04:31 AM yay im back to play herorpg again. school sucks. anyways, that theory was SO long and in depth. i'd be pissed off if i you were wrong. its a very good theory. vBulletin v3.0.3, Copyright &copy;2000-2005, Jelsoft Enterprises Ltd.