# t-631
Source: http://web.archive.org/web/20050506094505/http://www.herorpg.net/forum/archive/index.php?t-631.html
---
Hero RPG 4.0 - Reign of Terakar: Chapter 1 Hero RPG 4.0 &gt; Hero &gt; Development &gt; Reign of Terakar: Chapter 1 PDA View Full Version : Reign of Terakar: Chapter 1 Nerevar 01-12-2005, 06:52 PM Many years have passed since the War of Six Ages, though the effects of the war remain to this day. Broken cities, scattered ruins, primalist groups, terrorists; all contributing to the horror that is our world - Arca. Our world was once a beautiful place, dotted with forests of pure beauty and springs of knowledge. Even the gods themselves thought the planet a suitable place to call home, despite their havens in the skies. But the gods dwelling on the land didn't only come from the skies - some migrated from deep within the fiery pits of Fury to wreak havoc upon the pure lands of Arca. At the time of the Forthcoming, as it came to be known, there were but a few 'evil' gods who walked the mortal lands. One such being happened to be Kaezul, the god of Ice. Despite his name, Kaezul was a demon. He lusted for power over the warm lands of Arca, though his control was only over the element of ice and water. Ice did not exist in Arca, as it was created as a paradise for the gods and cold weather was not considered suitable by the gods of peace and purity. Longing for power over this paradise, Kaezul constantly assaulted the other gods, only to be forced to retreat. His power was no match for the other gods, who controlled the other elements of wind, fire, and spirit. As his last stand, Kaezul performed the forbidden: he turned the very oceans of Arca into solid ice. This catastophe caused all the rivers and lakes to freeze over, the wind to become cold, the land to become a barren, icy tundra. Despite their power, there was nothing the other gods could do to reverse the effect, as none had power over the aquatious elements. Kaezul had won at last. But what would a demon do with such an icy paradise? Why, there was nothing he could do without someone, not something, to call his own. So Kaezul introduced the first living beings onto the land - the Ogres. No, these weren't nasty, dirty, green, long-eared ogres. They were massive humanoids capable of destroying anything in their path. Standing at eight feet tall and weighing up to 450 pounds, their hulking bodies allowed them free reign in the icy tundra we know today as Arcadia. After many eons, Kaezul became bored with his slaves and retreated back to the underworld. But what was to become of these Ogres? They hadn't much intelligence, but they had enough. Survival was their only instint, not reproduction. Many of the Ogres relocated to the centeral hemisphere of the planet where the weather was vaguely warmer, living in deep valleys or caves. During this ice age, the Ogres became smaller due to the harsh weather. Evolution had taken its course at last. The result was an early form of the humans we know today. But these humans were far from civilized. Semi-intelligent though they may have been, they were still imperfect beings. War was constant between the various tribes, and many races died out altogether. Others retreated yet further into the caverns of the earth, making permanent homes deep within large chambers - only to be flooded out by boiling lava. The more intelligent races stayed above ground in valleys - and some even thought to build shelters for themselves. This age continued for another thousand years - but so did the course of evolution. By the year 24650, the humanoids formerly known as Ogres had developed a much more capable intelligence than anything previously known. This intelligence brought about the curiosity of the gods once more. The gods themselves dared not visit the creations of Kaezul, though they sent minions, what we like to call Angels, to 'spy' upon the inhabitants of cities and towns. Discovering that these humanoids were not of evil nature, the gods decided to appear in person to them. Thus, religion was established. And the beings were at last given a proper name by Chondria, the goddess of Beauty - she called them the Vikar. These Vikar were most specialized in craftsmanship; whether it was creating swords and shields or carving gems, these men were masters of tradeskills. Often the gods would visit just to see their marvelous creations, and would often give barters in return for these primitive wonders. These bartered items came to be known as Off-World Artifacts (OWA) and were greatly prized by the Vikar. Often they would rest in religious shrines or healing centers, as they emitted healing waves or empowered those who neared them. This paradise lasted many eons, though none sooner had all the commotion awakened the unthinkable - Kaezul. As he returned to the surface to see what had happened, Kaezul observed the civilization his creations had built. Though interested in their works, he was more interested in destroying their creations for disturbing his eternal sleep. And he knew only one way - freeze the oceans, lakes, and rivers, and create yet another ice age. But that did not happen. The Vikar rose up against Kaezul with their cheap iron swords and shields. Many men lost their lives in the war against the god of Ice, though, with the help of the OWAs, they prevailed at last. Kaezul had fallen in his own watery grave, and to mere mortals at that. Kaezul's mail and other equipment was stripped and bartered among the Vikar - though it was not a blessing, as some claimed. The armor, when worn, turned the bearer against the light. The blue mail of Kaezul just so happened to fall in the hands of a particularly greedy Vikar named Terakar. With this extroardinarily powerful armor, Terakar was invincible. None could harm him with mere blades or bullets. As they saw there was little choice involved, the men bowed to Terakar and called him Lord and King. What was to become of the Vikar, and ultimately, the world of Arca? Would another ice age ensue, or would the men prevail against this new leader? To Be Continued... Vilkacis 01-12-2005, 08:46 PM The story unfolds....:happy: Black_Scorpion 01-13-2005, 04:29 AM Great one . BGBkstroke 01-13-2005, 04:48 AM Great job, Nerevar. I can't wait to get the rest of the story. Dark Musician 01-13-2005, 06:01 AM wow, very nice nerevar, great work Raziel 01-13-2005, 06:35 PM Very Nice... tho one question, With this extroardinarily powerful armor, Terakar was invincible. None could harm him with mere blades or bullets. If they killed the god of ice... while he was wearing the armor.... and u said Terakar was invincible with it on.... then how did the god of ice die? Or... was it that Terakar got a bonus from it for being mortal. And my other explantion is that the OWA's helped. But, the people have those still.... so please explain that part... I'm kinda confused. Nerevar 01-13-2005, 09:02 PM When Terakar took the throne, he took control of all the OWAs. Raziel 01-14-2005, 03:48 PM Oh, ok thanks for answering. Insomniaxe 03-22-2005, 01:47 PM Very graphical i like it :D vBulletin v3.0.3, Copyright &copy;2000-2005, Jelsoft Enterprises Ltd.