# t-667
Source: http://web.archive.org/web/20050506211006/http://www.herorpg.net/forum/archive/index.php?t-667.html
---
Hero RPG 4.0 - ASCII Error (Solved) Hero RPG 4.0 &gt; Hero &gt; Bugs & Exploits &gt; ASCII Error (Solved) PDA View Full Version : ASCII Error (Solved) Eusira 03-09-2005, 09:47 PM Well after playing a while I got this lil bug Warning: Unexpected character in input: '\' (ASCII=92) state=1 in /home/.jangle/herorpg/herorpg.net/forum/herorpg.php on line 8 Parse error: parse error, unexpected T_CONSTANT_ENCAPSED_STRING in /home/.jangle/herorpg/herorpg.net/forum/herorpg.php on line 70 And suggestions: -When you rest in the town, you can still get assasinated as well -Maybe small bits of artwork representing each creature and stuff -More "killable" creatures that don't defend or attack as to kill you Vilkacis 03-09-2005, 10:57 PM -If your sleeping on the side of a road dont you think someone will attack you and try to steal your money? -Creature Icons will be coming in the near future :wink: -Like...Use spells? Spells will be intergrated in eventually. As for the error, I have no clue...Nerevar will know though. Eusira 03-10-2005, 07:08 PM Well, for me, it happens far too often. That's all. It's like 60% Also, I'm wondering how a ton of people have tons of attack and how come my defense keeps going down negative Raziel 03-11-2005, 07:30 AM The 3 people who have alot of attack and defense is me, jarin, and vilkacis. So that means we can have that much. Jarin hasn't yet figured out why the defense keeps going negative. -raz Nerevar 03-11-2005, 10:40 AM I'm fairly sure I've solved the negative defense problem. When you discarded items that weren't weapons, it shouldn't have dropped stats from your character. But it was only checking to see if they were weapons instead of weren't. Well, shouldn't happen again. In the meantime I'll raise your defense up to 10. Eusira 03-12-2005, 09:56 AM 1: My defense is positive because of uber armor stacking 2: The bug is still present 3: It is becoming unrealistically impossible to kill stuff now Vilkacis 03-12-2005, 10:24 AM Which monsters are too strong to kill? If you make a list we will nerf them. Raziel 03-12-2005, 11:34 AM I think only a few are a little to strong, but I also think the stat bug is making it so hard to kill them. BGBkstroke 03-12-2005, 04:54 PM If someone says Harmless Bunny, I might have to smack them. Eusira 03-12-2005, 07:14 PM I would have to say the Drillers and miners because of their ability to nearly kill you, and yes. Because of the stat bug, my armor is not in the 40's, and I cannot kill anything with low defense. Plus I can't upgrade agility, and thus attack Nerevar 03-12-2005, 07:27 PM ...There is no stat bug. Read the patch notices more often. Vilkacis 03-12-2005, 07:39 PM Agility has nothing to do with nothing...Litterally. Its a worthless stat as of right now. And there is no defense bug, Never was a defense bug... vBulletin v3.0.3, Copyright &copy;2000-2005, Jelsoft Enterprises Ltd.