# t-755
Source: http://web.archive.org/web/20050509000836/http://www.herorpg.net/forum/archive/index.php?t-755.html
---
Hero RPG 4.0 - Continuing previous battle Hero RPG 4.0 &gt; Hero &gt; Bugs & Exploits &gt; Continuing previous battle PDA View Full Version : Continuing previous battle narbranger 03-24-2005, 01:16 PM How do i continue a previous battle session after using a potion or whatnot? When I press hunt again it simply says 'click here to clear previous battle sessions' or something like that. I know this isn't a bug, but i couldn't find a 'question' forum. P.S. Can you please increase the chance to find a monster when hunting to 5% or more? It is very frustrating having to click it 60-70 times in a row and then finding a rat or something. Last time i checked, clicking the same button 10 minutes straight without any results isn't "fun". I still don't see any purpose to having the chance so small. Nerevar 03-24-2005, 02:08 PM There is no way to continue a previous battle; nor do we intend to allow a way to do so. It would be too great of an advantage - you could leave a battle, heal to full, get new weapons, etc, then go back and kill the monster. And the chance of finding a monster has been increased to 95%. Xvonmox 03-26-2005, 04:10 PM You could always people to continue a battle if, and only if they used potions. I dont know too many RPG's that you cant use healing items during battle. BGBkstroke 03-26-2005, 05:13 PM Actually, this is true. Perhaps you should be able to use *certain* items in battle. Pigsy 03-26-2005, 08:06 PM items in the middle of a battle is a good idea. you dont necessarily have to have healing items. you could get 1 use items that deal damage and so forth. Protozergling 03-26-2005, 08:09 PM I am absolutely certain this will or will not be implemented. Though I would guess that it will, but it might be a while as there are other important things to do. Pigsy 03-26-2005, 08:26 PM oh ok, well i was just wondering, how come bolt does like 15 damage and tempest does like 18 on average? is that really worth 6 whole extra points of mp. i was wondering if it could be strengthened abit because i find it to be a useless move that i never use. *Actually, dont bother answering, i got new items and now there is quite a big difference vBulletin v3.0.3, Copyright &copy;2000-2005, Jelsoft Enterprises Ltd.