# t-796
Source: http://web.archive.org/web/20050515040623/http://www.herorpg.net/forum/archive/index.php?t-796.html
---
Hero RPG 4.0 - Negetive MP restricts Limit breaks. Hero RPG 4.0 &gt; Hero &gt; Bugs & Exploits &gt; Negetive MP restricts Limit breaks. PDA View Full Version : Negetive MP restricts Limit breaks. ZeroCross 04-01-2005, 11:09 AM Ah, ok. I Was all like, "Sweet, this limit break is awsome." Then I got this sword that drains my man by 40. Not much bad anyways, since My normal attacks deal more damage than my attacks alike Rage, Dragon kick, and Hurricane blow, all deal less than my normal attack. So here I am, walking around with negetive 33 MP. Now, here's the kicker. The Limit breaks cost MP to use. They use 0 Mp, but they still are based off MP. Since I have negative MP, I can't preform a single limit break, while those f*ckers in the forrest still kill me off while I am sittin here trying to use a limit break that does nothing but waste a turn. I was wondering if that Negative MP crap interferring with the limit break use is supposed to exist, or hopefully a bug that can get taken care of? Eusira 04-02-2005, 10:13 PM Right now I would recommend you find a gleaming serrated axe and use a charred helm instead. Otherwise, use items like Vizegold Hauberk and Nova Shield to increase your MP once you take away the damned broadsword ZeroCross 04-03-2005, 11:27 AM All I can find is the dull serrated axe.....And I am already using the charred helm. Anyways, I tried using the spear of lightining for awhile, but it does'nt compare to the broad sword which takes out anything in thunderbarrow in one hit. I guess I'm at kindofa stalemate it looks like....weak weapon and limit break, or strong weapon and no limit break. Augh, it seems like the rogues have all the good weapons... BGBkstroke 04-03-2005, 06:38 PM Get some MP increasing items, or it sucks for you =D Until it is fixed, that is. vBulletin v3.0.3, Copyright &copy;2000-2005, Jelsoft Enterprises Ltd.