# t-818
Source: http://web.archive.org/web/20050515120943/http://www.herorpg.net/forum/archive/index.php?t-818.html
---
Hero RPG 4.0 - BackPack Reequip error Hero RPG 4.0 &gt; Hero &gt; Bugs & Exploits &gt; BackPack Reequip error PDA View Full Version : BackPack Reequip error Eusira 04-07-2005, 06:37 PM Just in curiosity, I tried emptying my backpack and taking it off anf putting it back on. When I tried putting it back on, I got the refresh error, and the whole time without the bag, game latency was down. The refreshing did not work whatsoever. Is it a code error? Nerevar 04-07-2005, 09:03 PM There was a small mistake in the code. Try it again. Eusira 04-07-2005, 09:47 PM Thanks. It works again ZeroCross 04-13-2005, 11:25 PM Yo, I have a problem. I just got a packback (Scropion sent me one) and equiped it and everything. I tried to stash my rabbits foot into the pack, and it disappeared completely! It does'nt show up in the back-pack, nothing. I hav'nt un-equiped tha pack yet, So far I've done nothing else, for fear I might screw it up even worse. A little help? Nerevar 04-14-2005, 04:29 PM Unequip the pack and equip it again. ZeroCross 04-14-2005, 05:35 PM I just un-equiped the backpack, then re-equiped it. It was still empty, and the rabbits foot did'nt come back. I then went and bought a tiny potion of health to test and see if it was working. I just put it in the backpack and it dissappeared. Un-equiped it, then re-eqquiped it, did'nt get the potion back either. Is anyone else having this problem? Nerevar 04-15-2005, 06:47 AM It wouldn't be just you.. it's fundamental code.. I'll look into it after school today ZeroCross 04-17-2005, 10:51 AM Two things: First of all, anything that goes in my pack still vanishes. Second, I know this because I just tried to mail a charred helm to Black scorpion, and it was still in my inventory. Then when he mailed it back, I then had two. I tried packing one away to see if it was working yet. Let's just say the bug just got balanced out. Nerevar 04-17-2005, 04:05 PM I've had little time to look over backpacks due to more critical bugs. Just don't use them until they're corrected ;) Smal 04-17-2005, 04:14 PM Nerevar do you know wats wrong with the looting? when i try to loot its says you may not loot this item more than once??? whats up with that? BGBkstroke 04-17-2005, 05:57 PM Please post this in the correct thread, the one about looting being fixed. Smal 04-17-2005, 06:08 PM srry guy just I saw he posted that like 2 mins ago I posted it hoping he'd reply srry =( Nerevar 04-17-2005, 10:12 PM Backpacks have been temporarily corrected. Just don't try to use more than one at a time ;) I'll get to coding a more permanent fix when I have time. Smal 04-18-2005, 12:13 PM k thx vBulletin v3.0.3, Copyright &copy;2000-2005, Jelsoft Enterprises Ltd.