# t-832
Source: http://web.archive.org/web/20050515201848/http://www.herorpg.net/forum/archive/index.php?t-832.html
---
Hero RPG 4.0 - nerfing weapons Hero RPG 4.0 &gt; Hero &gt; Bugs & Exploits &gt; nerfing weapons PDA View Full Version : nerfing weapons ZeroCross 04-11-2005, 09:47 AM Uhm, Ok. While i suppose i don't have as much right to complain about this as people who just recently got to level 25 after the patch change, and I managed to equip my wavecrasher before hand, why is the level req for the wave crasher upped to 35? 25 seemed adequate for it's stats. And now it's a complete ten extra levels? Well, anyways, I was looking at this other weapon, Steel mace. 28 damage, and no level req. Not to mention, it is usible by any class. So, any charicter can equip this weapon from the start if they had the cash, this go around whooping A** for the next five to ten levels at least? The turantula blade did 32 damage, just 4 more, but it had a level req still. (i forget the level req now though...) :ermm: Anyways, just suggesting the wavecrasher and steel mace level limits be resonsidered, or at least perhaps an explaination of why at the very least. Sorry if I am intruding too bodly on the subject. Vilkacis 04-11-2005, 02:22 PM Steel Mace is meant for whooping ass. Dunno bout Wavecrasher...Mebe Nerevar thought it was too powerful and uped the level req. Eusira 04-11-2005, 08:08 PM True. A lot of the weapons are really strong but are about 7-20 levels off the area the are found in. Hence, this forces you to clutch your useless item until you are able to use it. Maybe stat requirements such as strength in other RPG's might work out better Northrend 04-12-2005, 05:03 AM Tarantula Blade: lvl 5 I agree with you, Zero. Nerevar 04-12-2005, 10:44 AM You're asking for too much advantage, which by no means will we provide. If you're going to play Hero, you're going to get a challenge. Otherwise, there are hundreds of other RPGs out there. ZeroCross 04-13-2005, 09:28 AM Thank you Nerevar, but I was'nt asking you to make the game unoppsendly easy. I was simply asking why the wavecrasher jumped ten levels. Meh, that's cool. I suppose it does'nt matter though, just as long as I don't un-equip my sword. If i ever re-create a charicter, I'll be sure to grab myself one of those maces. ^^ vBulletin v3.0.3, Copyright &copy;2000-2005, Jelsoft Enterprises Ltd.