# Chapter_I
Source: http://web.archive.org/web/20080101105724/http://www.herorpg.net/manual/Chapter_I
---
Chapter I - HeroRPG Manual Chapter I From HeroRPG Manual Jump to: navigation , search Continued from Prelude Deep within the crust of the earth, some Estari runologists discovered a power greater than any they had seen before. This power, dubbed Anima , was a mysterious embodiment of energy that allowed access to great powers that mere mortals should not have been able to invoke. Many thought these runologists were dabbling in the powers of the Ancients themselves and feared their end was near, though research continued nonetheless. The runologists insisted that this power could be used for the greater good and could help the Estari reach new heights in advancement. Finally convincing the Council of Three to agree, the runologists established the Society of Modern Magic , an organization dedicated to studying Anima and producing technology based upon it. It was not long before one runologist discovered that the Anima could be used as propulsion energy; it could move objects great distances with no consumption of the Anima itself. It was at first suggested that this be used to move the entire continent of Van Arius, so that it may be further from other regions of the world in order to prevent conflict with other nations. This idea was rejected by the common citizens and the Council alike, as they feared a drastic change in climate, or worse. While studying further, the researchers came to realize that the Anima was not, in fact, a form of energy. It was a form of life. The Anima itself was alive! By contacting it with their bare hands, the runologists were able to commune with it. However, the message they received was far from what was expected. The Anima force, which was revealed to be ninth-dimensional matter, was the life-force of Exos itself. Expending it would mean the death of the planet and, consequently, every living thing on its surface. This news was too much for the Council to bear. At once they condemned the Society of Modern Magic and the runologist research group dispersed. They order that all excavated Anima be replaced and never unearthed again. This order was followed - for the most part. A small amount of energy was kept, in secret, by one of the runologists by the name of Eidas. Eidas reformed the Society of Modern Magic, which was now an underground research group, and relocated away from Averast. Far to the northeast the Society established a base of operations known as Kastengard. There they discovered many uses for Anima, particularly in magic and technology. As they had discovered before, Anima could be used as a form of propulsion. With this in mind, the Society began looking to the stars. In the night sky could be seen the planet's red moon, which bore no name. There they would establish a new race - a divine race - which would oversee the primitive land dwellers as a shepherd would a flock of sheep. It took many years to construct their vessel, but at last it was complete and ready to depart the planet of Exos for the first and last time. The Society climbed aboard the Skyspire and bode farewell to the land they called home for so long. With a fiery blast that could be seen and heard around the world, Skyspire left the ground and broke through the planet's atmosphere, leaving but a twinkling light in the sky as its final traces... Continue to Chapter II Retrieved from " http://www.herorpg.net/manual/Chapter_I " Category : Story Views Article Discussion View source History Personal tools Log in / create account Navigation Main Page HeroRPG Recent changes Storyline Article List Search Toolbox What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Printable version Permanent link This page was last modified 19:07, 17 September 2007. This page has been accessed 110 times. Privacy policy About HeroRPG Manual Disclaimers