# Classes
Source: http://web.archive.org/web/20080105164808/http://www.herorpg.net/manual/Classes
---
Classes - HeroRPG Manual Classes From HeroRPG Manual Jump to: navigation , search Contents 1 About Classes 2 Obtaining Classes 3 Activating Classes 4 Deactivating Classes 5 Benefits of a Class [ edit ] About Classes Classes in HeroRPG are different from what you would expect from playing other RPGs. They have the same basic functionality, however they are obtained differently. Some classes are common and easily obtainable, while others are rarer and much more difficult to obtain. Some classes are even of the Legendary status and may only be obtained by one player. However, note that you must be at least level 30 in order to obtain a class. [ edit ] Obtaining Classes Classes can be obtained via several methods. The easiest and most common method is via quests. Your first class choices are offered at level 30, from which you may choose Warrior, Magician, or Rogue. After that point classes become more complicated to obtain and may require that you complete several quests. Some classes are more obscure and difficult to obtain. These classes may be obtained by creating a Relic or by defeating a certain monster or combination of monsters. Rumor has it there are other classes that can be obtained from other methods, too. [ edit ] Activating Classes Before a class can be applied to your character, it must be activated. This can be done by going to the Status page on your navigation menu and clicking the Classes tab. On the right side of the page you will now notice an icon representing your newly-obtained class. Drag this icon to the box labeled "Primary." Congratulations, your class is now activated. [ edit ] Deactivating Classes In order to deactivate a class, hold the Ctrl key down while clicking its icon in either the Primary or Secondary box on the Classes tab, which is located on the Status page. You will be asked if you wish to continue with the operation. If you choose Yes, you will lose all skills, abilities, Class Experience, and Class Levels in that class and it will be placed in your Inactive Classes area. This action cannot be undone and is completely permanent. If you wish to rebuild the class, you will need to simply activate it again. [ edit ] Benefits of a Class Once a class is activated, you will start gaining Class Experience for that class each time you win a battle. This experience bar, found by double-clicking the icon of the class in question, progresses at a rate equal to that of your main experience bar. You may activate both a Primary and Secondary class, however the Secondary class will only progress at half the rate of the Primary class. When the experience bar for a class is full, you will gain a level in that class. Gaining Class Levels will allow you to purchase additional skills and abilities for that class from the Academy . Retrieved from " http://www.herorpg.net/manual/Classes " Views Article Discussion Edit History Personal tools Log in / create account Navigation Main Page HeroRPG Recent changes Storyline Article List Search Toolbox What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Printable version Permanent link This page was last modified 01:19, 2 November 2007. This page has been accessed 208 times. Privacy policy About HeroRPG Manual Disclaimers