# New_Player_Guide
Source: http://web.archive.org/web/20071121173529/http://www.herorpg.net/manual/New_Player_Guide
---
New Player Guide - HeroRPG Manual New Player Guide From HeroRPG Manual Jump to: navigation , search Contents 1 Welcome to HeroRPG 2 Entering the World 3 Creating a Character 3.1 Step 1 3.2 Step 2 3.3 Step 3 4 Game Areas 4.1 The Status Screen 4.2 The Inventory Screen 4.2.1 The Item Window 5 Playing the Game 5.1 Traveling 5.2 Hunting 5.3 Battling 5.3.1 Ending a Battle 5.4 Healing [ edit ] Welcome to HeroRPG Hello, new player, and welcome to HeroRPG. If you are unsure what HeroRPG is -- HeroRPG is the successor to Legend of Arcadia , a game developed and designed by the same team. HeroRPG (hereafter referred to as Hero) is a text-based, web-based role-playing game in which you create and control one (or multiple) characters in attempt to become the most powerful character by upgrading your equipment, gaining levels, and completing quests. Please keep in mind that there are no graphics on Hero. You don't get to move your character around physically, and most importantly, it is not a 3D game. If you are comfortable with this and want to continue playing, read on. [ edit ] Entering the World The first step to getting started is making an account. This can be done by heading to the registration page . Once your account is created (it's quick and easy), you may login in by clicking the Login link at the top of the page. Then, enter the game by clicking the "Play" link at the top of the page. If you get a message saying you are not logged in, simply refresh the page. This sometimes occurs when logins take longer than normal. [ edit ] Creating a Character Now that you have an account and are logged in, it's time to create your first character. [ edit ] Step 1 The first screen will ask you to choose your race. Currently there are only two races to choose from -- Human and Arkan -- but in the future there will be 4 races, each with unique starting areas for the first 30 levels of gameplay. When you are comfortable with your selection, click the Next button. [ edit ] Step 2 The second page instructs you to distribute 5 skill points. Enter numbers into the boxes on the left of each skill until they equal a total of 5. For instance you could put 3 points into " Swords " and 2 points into " Heavy Armor ." You may not spend more than 3 points on a single skill . You may distribute the points freely. When you are comfortable with your skill point distribution, click Next. [ edit ] Step 3 The last page instructs you to name your character and select a gender. Type in a name, and click the Check button. If the name is available, you may proceed. Don't forget to click the Gender category on the left to change from Male to Female, if that's your kind of thing, or if indeed you are a female. After clicking the "Check" button next to your name, the Next button at the top of the page becomes available. Clicking this button will create your character and you will be redirected into the game. [ edit ] Game Areas [ edit ] The Status Screen The first screen you will see upon entering the game is the Status page. This page lists all the stats of your character. For a breakdown of each stat, click the following links: - Hit Points - Energy - Strength - Vitality - Dexterity - Intelligence - Endurance You will notice other figures such as Level , Class , Monster Kills , Player Kills , Deaths , Armor , and Damage . Click the terms to read more about them. The final thing we will explain at this time is Level Progress. This meter indicates how close you are to leveling up. For more about leveling up, read the article Level Up . [ edit ] The Inventory Screen Manipulating your inventory is as simple as dragging and dropping. On the left side you will notice three blue boxes. The top box is 'Auto-Equip'. Dragging an item from your inventory to this box will equip it in the proper slot. The second box is 'Unequip'. Dragging an equipped item to this box will unequip it and place it in your inventory. The last box is 'Discard'. Dragging an unequipped item to this box will destroy it forever. You can learn more about the items in your inventory by double-clicking on their icons. This will bring up .... [ edit ] The Item Window The item window displays stats about the item(s) currently being viewed. It will display the bonuses that item will bestow upon you when you equip it, as well as various other helpful information. See Types of Items to learn about the different item types and how they affect your character. Each item has three key attributes that you must pay attention to. Weight, Skill, and Requirements. Weight is how much the item weighs. You must have enough carrying capacity before you can hold that item in your inventory. Under your status bars at the top left, you'll see an icon that looks like a weight. The numbers to the right of it tell how much weight you are carrying. The skill is also important because it denotes how the item will perform with your character. For instance if you're a magician-type character, you will want to use Light Armor rather than Heavy Armor, and Rods rather than Polearms. Finally, you must make sure you meet all the requirements of the item in question. Clicking the 'Reqs' tab at the bottom of the item window will tell you the requirements. If there are any listed in red, you cannot use the item. [ edit ] Playing the Game [ edit ] Traveling Before you can fight monsters, you will need to travel to an area with monsters. If you have just started, you are probably still in the starting city. To travel to a hunting area, click the Explore link under the Actions panel on the left side of the screen. This will bring up a list of locations you can travel to. There will likely only be one if this is your first time playing. Click it, and you will see some text appear to the right of it. Click the 'Explore' button to go to that location. [ edit ] Hunting Once you're in the hunting area, you may now fight monsters. Click the 'Hunt' link under the Actions panel. This will bring up a list of monsters that you may fight. Clicking the crossing swords icon next to a monster's name will initiate a battle with that monsters. Keep in mind that once you've started a battle, you cannot access your inventory or techniques and you cannot camp. [ edit ] Battling Now that you've started a battle, it's time to familiarize yourself with the battle interface. On the left side of the battle screen is 'Your Vitality'. The status bars here depict your remaining health and energy as well as your current experience. There may be a fourth (yellow) bar which tells how much Fear you have, if you're fighting a monster higher in level than your character. Below the status bars are three icons. One is a sword; clicking this icon will attack the enemy with your currently-equipped weapon. You may not attack an enemy without a weapon equipped. The second icon is a bag; clicking this will bring up a list of items (if you have any) that can be used in combat. The last icon is a tornado; clicking this will escape from combat. Each time you use an action in battle, the enemy will counter with either a technique or an attack. Who gets to attack first depends on whose dexterity is higher. Attacking an enemy will deplete energy from your Energy bar. Once the bar is empty, you can do nothing other than attempt to Escape, or be killed by your opponent. If your opponent's energy bar depletes completely, they will immediately escape from battle. [ edit ] Ending a Battle A battle has ended when either your HP has been depleted or your enemy's HP has been depleted. If you die, you get nothing from the battle (but you don't lose anything either). If you win, you may get several things from the battle: Combat experience (the purple status bar) Skill experience (see Skills ) Gold Anima Shards In addition to these, you may or may not receive an item from the enemy. If the enemy does drop an item, you will see an item icon above the battle screen, along with a Loot button below it. Clicking the item icon will "select" it (it will have an orange border). Clicking the Loot button will place it in your inventory, if you are able to hold it. If not, a message will appear telling you so. Note: If you have a slower connection, you may want to wait a few seconds after clicking the Loot button. Clicking another link too fast may result in losing the item you just looted. [ edit ] Healing There are several ways to heal your character after a battle. In this guide we will cover two: Using an inn and camping. In order to camp, you must click the 'Camp' link under the 'Hunt' link when you're in a hunting area. This will restore your HP by a percentage depending on whether you have a tent or not. Better tents restore more HP. You can buy a tent at the shop in any town. Secondly, you can pay to stay at an inn, which can also be located in any town. Retrieved from " http://www.herorpg.net/manual/New_Player_Guide " Views Article Discussion Edit History Personal tools Log in / create account Navigation Main Page Project Genesis Recent changes Storyline Article List Search Toolbox What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Printable version Permanent link This page was last modified 23:21, 13 November 2007. This page has been accessed 184 times. Privacy policy About HeroRPG Manual Disclaimers