# Prelude
Source: http://web.archive.org/web/20071107054028/http://www.herorpg.net/manual/Prelude
---
Prelude - HeroRPG Manual Prelude From HeroRPG Manual Jump to: navigation , search Introduction The world of Exos is vast and its lands are innumerable. Many lands have had their own stories, complete with their own heroes and saviors - but those stories were in ages past, now forgotten and collecting dust in ancient tomes. This particular tale takes place on a small region of the world known as Van Arius . Now, let's not beat around the bush. Van Arius doesn't need a hero. It doesn't need a savior. That's all too cliche and has happened far too many times. There is no looming evil, nor a great threat to the world. The simple fact is that Van Arius has become distant, both of itself and of the world. Many eras have passed since Van Arius was settled, each one bringing the inhabitants of the land further apart. The four races that dwell in distant reaches have no regrets about their decision to separate; why should they, when they all prosper as they do now? War and strife has scattered what remained of their cordiality and tossed it into the wind. The Majiku of the north live in solitude; the Ukai are too proud of their cavernous home to think about anything else; the Humans , wrapped up in trade and commerce, wouldn't think of it; and the Arkan , calling themselves a divine race, would never be so humble. The events of three centuries ago have torn apart what was once a great brotherhood and companionship. The original race to settle Van Arius, the Estari , flourished for many eons in the great plains of Averast . Secluded from the world, Van Arius was by no means threatened by the events of surrounding continents. The Estari constructed great cities and castles, their architecture knowing no bounds. They reached the pinnacle of technology, mastering the ways of man, machine, and magic. But that golden age came to an abrupt end when their greatest discovery became their greatest failure.... Continue to Chapter I Retrieved from " http://www.herorpg.net/manual/Prelude " Category : Story Views Article Discussion View source History Personal tools Log in / create account Navigation Main Page Project Genesis Recent changes Storyline Article List Search Toolbox What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Printable version Permanent link This page was last modified 18:42, 17 September 2007. This page has been accessed 79 times. Privacy policy About HeroRPG Manual Disclaimers