# Recent_Updates
Source: http://web.archive.org/web/20071106084215/http://www.herorpg.net/manual/Recent_Updates
---
Recent Updates - HeroRPG Manual Recent Updates From HeroRPG Manual Jump to: navigation , search Contents 1 Monday, October 29th 2007 2 Saturday, August 11th 2007 3 Thursday, August 2nd 2007 4 Wednesday, August 1st 2007 5 Wednesday, July 18th 2007 6 Monday, June 11th 2007 7 Wednesday, May 16th 2007 8 Tuesday, May 15th 2007 9 Monday, May 14th 2007 10 Wednesday, May 9th 2007 11 Tuesday, May 8th 2007 12 Sunday, May 6th 2007 13 Monday, April 30th 2007 14 Friday, April 27th 2007 15 Wednesday, April 25th 2007 16 Sunday, April 22nd 2007 17 Saturday, April 21st 2007 18 Friday, April 20th 2007 19 Saturday, April 14th 2007 20 Thursday, April 12th 2007 21 Monday, April 09th 2007 22 Friday, April 06th 2007 Monday, October 29th 2007 Version 2.1 released. Changes can be found here: Version 2.1 Changes Saturday, August 11th 2007 - New "Fury Meter" in battle. Kill monsters your level or above to charge the meter. Each tick on the meter is +1% more combat and skill experience. If you die or flee, it resets. The meter also resets daily at midnight. Thursday, August 2nd 2007 - New town (Laik, Riverside Village) - New quest (Laik: Professor Flad) - Intelligence is now a factor in spell damage Wednesday, August 1st 2007 - Item Selector implemented - Vault revamped, can now store items and gold (safely) - New quest (Eldor: Dr. Ferrier) Wednesday, July 18th 2007 - Quest reward system revamped to allow multiple rewards and other types of rewards Monday, June 11th 2007 - The technique system has been completely revamped. A new article found at Techniques describes this large update. Wednesday, May 16th 2007 - Redesigned the travel system (complete with icons! Woo!) Tuesday, May 15th 2007 - Added a new quest to the tavern in Eldor - Fixed the equip/unequip code so that you can't simply replace cursed items Monday, May 14th 2007 - Added B Class Crystals and Spheres to areas level 20+ - Added second tier spell chains to the Academy Wednesday, May 9th 2007 - The Standing Stones quest was fixed so that if you cancel it and start it a second time, it will reset the stones you have touched Tuesday, May 8th 2007 - A new quest in Eldor is available for all characters - Coded trigger effects that take place during a character's turn - Added a Spirit Shrine to Eldor for the removal of cursed items Sunday, May 6th 2007 - The Mail system was added and is ready for testing - A new shop was added to Ju`Mak Village containing expensive items Monday, April 30th 2007 - Skill Experience has been rebalanced to where you should earn almost 2 skill levels in any non-divided skill per character level - Low-level skill usage no longer rewards extra experience while fighting high-level monsters - A skill cap of (2 x CharLevel + 1) was implemented for all skills. Friday, April 27th 2007 - The Synthesis Shop is now open for business in the Royal City of Eldor - Large amounts of gold have been removed from characters' vaults - The gold drops from monsters have been significantly decreased Wednesday, April 25th 2007 - Most monsters now have elemental resistances to one or more Anima Grades. - The level 20 area, Gares Riverbanks, is now open. Sunday, April 22nd 2007 - A Shields skill has been added and all shields have been changed to use this skill rather than Medium Armor . - The recipient of a newly-created trade will now be notified of the trade on his/her next page load. Saturday, April 21st 2007 - The "misc" page on the item info boxes now show the item's tags (lore, no trade, etc) - Your intelligence stat now decides whether your spell hits or misses yourself or an opponent - Skill experience now sharply declines when your level is greater than your opponent's level Friday, April 20th 2007 - The "innate" function has been removed from the game - The "resistance" function has been removed from the game - All Elements and Anima Grades have been consolidated to make way for future updates - All "lightning" element spells have been changed to use the Star grade - Added two new Anima Grades: Light and Dark - Healing spells now use the Light grade - Added Light & Dark Crystals as well as Light & Dark Spheres - Chests are working again - A new quest has been added in the new town of Ju`Mak Village Saturday, April 14th 2007 - Foot armor no longer contributes to skill experience, but still uses armor skills - Combat experience was increased by 10%, skill experience decreased by 10% Thursday, April 12th 2007 - The trading system was implemented Monday, April 09th 2007 - Glancing blows work properly again Friday, April 06th 2007 - Alteration is now affected by Spell Powers - All Crystals restore 70% charge - Fear affects spell damage (not healing) - Strength:Damage ratio is 2.5:1 now instead of 3:1 - Objects no longer conflict with monsters - The Oruk quest can only be completed by heroes greater than level 5 but less than 10 - The experience/loot cutoff for monsters is once again 5 levels - The "Completed Quests" section of the Journal works - Quests can now be canceled via the Journal Retrieved from " http://www.herorpg.net/manual/Recent_Updates " Views Article Discussion View source History Personal tools Log in / create account Navigation Main Page Project Genesis Recent changes Storyline Article List Search Toolbox What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Printable version Permanent link This page was last modified 03:26, 30 October 2007. This page has been accessed 572 times. Privacy policy About HeroRPG Manual Disclaimers