# Techniques
Source: http://web.archive.org/web/20071107054125/http://www.herorpg.net/manual/Techniques
---
Techniques - HeroRPG Manual Techniques From HeroRPG Manual Jump to: navigation , search Contents 1 Learning Techniques 2 Equipping Techniques 3 Using Techniques 4 Other Notes [ edit ] Learning Techniques Techniques can be learned via two methods. The first and most common method is via the Academy . Most towns have an Academy from which you can learn techniques. Upon visiting the Academy, you may be presented with a list of techniques you have yet to learn. Each of them requires a certain amount of Training Points to learn. Most techniques are part of a Technique Chain and require that the highest-ranking technique in the chain be learned before the next one is available to learn. Some techniques are not in a chain and can be learned the same way as those that are. [ edit ] Equipping Techniques Before a technique can be used in battle, it must first be added to your spell list. This can be done by visiting the "Techs" link on the left side of the game. Going to this page will show you what, if any, techniques you currently know. Below the list you will see a set of boxes labeled "Set 1", "Set 2", and "Set 3". You can "equip" up to three concurrent sets of 8 techs each at any given time. In order to "equip" a technique by clicking and dragging its icon from the list of techniques to one of the empty boxes in either Set 1, Set 2, or Set 3. You may change the current Set by clicking one of the labeled tabs. Once the technique icon is positioned in one of the boxes, releasing the mouse button should cause it to stay in the box. Now click the "Save Settings" button in order to save the current technique setup. Note: If you have problems using the Click and Drag feature, you may want to consider changing your browser to Mozilla Firefox . [ edit ] Using Techniques Once a technique has been equipped, it is ready for use in battle. Once you engage in a battle, you will see a set of boxes identical to the one found on the Techniques page. Clicking an icon in one of the boxes in Set 1, Set 2, or Set 3 will cause that technique to be used in battle. [ edit ] Other Notes Any time you see a technique icon, you can double-click it to see information about that technique. Retrieved from " http://www.herorpg.net/manual/Techniques " Views Article Discussion Edit History Personal tools Log in / create account Navigation Main Page Project Genesis Recent changes Storyline Article List Search Toolbox What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Printable version Permanent link This page was last modified 00:00, 12 June 2007. This page has been accessed 138 times. Privacy policy About HeroRPG Manual Disclaimers