# Version_3.0
Source: http://web.archive.org/web/20080101105754/http://www.herorpg.net/manual/Version_3.0
---
Version 3.0 - HeroRPG Manual Version 3.0 From HeroRPG Manual Jump to: navigation , search HeroRPG version 3.0 will feature revamps of many existing features, as well as the addition of many new features. Due to the nature of these changes, it will require that all characters and content is deleted. The world will be rebuilt from the ground up, including locations, monsters, races, items, and quests. Contents 1 Stat System Revamp 1.1 Intelligence 1.2 Insight 2 Skill System Revamp 2.1 Force 2.1.1 Swords 2.1.2 Polearms 2.1.3 Blunt Weapons 2.1.4 Heavy Armor 2.1.5 Brute Force 2.2 Cunning 2.2.1 Knives 2.2.2 Dodge 2.2.3 Double Attack 2.2.4 Keen Tactics 2.2.5 Medium Armor 2.3 Brilliance 2.3.1 Combat 2.3.2 Healing 2.3.3 Enhancement 2.3.4 Rods 2.3.5 Perception 2.3.6 Channeling 2.3.7 Light Armor 3 Eidolons 3.1 Class System 3.2 Tech System 3.3 Elemental Alignment Stat System Revamp Version 3.0 will change the way a few statistics function, as well as the addition of two new statistics. Intelligence Intelligence will no longer contribute to magic damage. Instead, it will determine how fast all of your skills progress in combat. Each skill will no longer have its own attribute that determines its leveling speed - all stats will use Intelligence for its factor. Insight Insight will be taking on the role of Intelligence as it was in pre-3.0 versions. It will enhance spell damage and increase the duration of self-cast status effects. Skill System Revamp In pre-3.0 versions, skills were static, passive character attributes which determined one's ability to use a piece of equipment. In version 3.0, they will play a much larger role in a character's actual development. Instead of numerous skills gaining experience, there will be three parent skills: Force, Cunning, and Brilliance, each with several child skills that do not gain experience. Each time a character levels up in a parent skill, they will be given 2 Skill Points to distribute amongst a variety of child skills. Each of the 5 types of items will require that you have a certain parent skill level before they can be equipped, but they will not have individual specialization requirements (as in requiring a swords skill of X level). Instead of restricting a character to certain types of items, the new skill system will reward players for specializing. Creating hybrid characters will be more of a possibility with the new skill system than previously. Force Force governs the use of heavy weaponry such as Swords, Polearms, and Blunt Weapons. Within this tree are skills that allow specialization in Swords, Polearms, and Blunt Weapons, as well as the ability to don heavier armor. Swords Increases your damage done with sword weapons. Polearms Increases your damage done with axes and spears. Blunt Weapons Increases your damage done with hammers and maces. Heavy Armor Increases the efficiency of your Heavy Armor Brute Force Increases the chance that your attacks will do more damage than normal. Cunning Cunning governs the use of knives, as well as your character's ability to maneuver in combat. Within this tree are skills that allow specialization in knives, dodging, double-attacking, and exploiting an enemy's weakness. Cunning will also affect your ability to wear medium armor. Knives Increases your damage done with knives. Dodge Increases your chance of dodging in combat. Double Attack Increases your chance of attacking twice in a single turn. Keen Tactics Increases the chance that you will ignore an enemy's defense while attacking. Medium Armor Increases the efficiency of your medium armor Brilliance Brilliance governs the use of rods and staves, as well as the damage dealt by your offensive techs and the duration and/or magnitude of your defensive techs. Within this tree are skills that allow specialization in rods, affect your ability to don lighter armor, your ability to use special secondary items such as spell books and orbs, and the ability to exploit your opponent's magical weaknesses in combat. Combat Increases your damage done with combat techniques. Healing Increases the magnitude of your healing techniques. Enhancement Increases the duration of your enhancement techniques. Rods Increases your damage done with rods. Perception Increases the chance that your combat techniques will ignore an enemy's magical defenses. Channeling Affects your ability to use and equip certain magical items such as tomes, orbs, and runes. Light Armor Increases the efficiency of your light armor. Eidolons Eidolons are spirit companions that you may collect during your adventures. You can obtain as many Eidolons as you like, though you may have 4 active at any time. There is no penalty for activating and deactivating Eidolons, as they do not gain experience. Each Eidolon you obtain will have three attributes: A name, an element, and a power level. The element will determine the type of special powers you are granted when you activate the Eidolon. For example, the Eidolon Dryad is of the earth element and bestows an ability that increases one's armor. Another Eidolon, Aquess, is of the water element and increases one's ability to dodge attacks in battle. The power level of an Eidolon simply determines how powerful it is compared to another Eidolon of the same element. Class System Version 3.0 will be doing away with the existing class system. It has not met the developers' expectations and will not be making a return. Instead, the new Tech system and Alignment system will take its place. Tech System The tech system will tie in to the Eidolon system. When you obtain an Eidolon, you are given one tech that corresponds with that Eidolon's type or element. For instance, a water Eidolon might give you a healing technique, while a Fire Eidolon might give you a Fire damage technique. While techniques themselves cannot "evolve" into more powerful techniques, techniques are empowered by having more than one Eidolon of the same type activated. In addition, some techniques will also be supplanted by more powerful versions of that technique as you obtain more powerful Eidolons. For example, having one Water Eidolon which gives you a healing tech might cause that tech to restore 50 Hit Points. Having two Water Eidolons might further increase that to 75 Hit Points. This rule applies to healing, defensive, and offensive techniques. You can permanently learn a technique by gaining a certain amount of experience in using that technique. Some techniques require more experience to master than others. Note that once you have mastered a technique, you will not gain as much skill experience for using it as you would if it were being provided by an Eidolon or Eidolon Link. In order to use a mastered technique in battle, you will need to have at least one Eidolon active that corresponds with the tech's element. For instance, you have mastered a Healing (water) tech, but you do not have a water eidolon. This tech will be disabled in combat until you activate a water eidolon. Elemental Alignment When you activate an eidolon on your character, you will become aligned with that eidolon's element. Your character's alignment with the 4 elements (Fire, Water, Wind, Earth) depends on a) The number of eidolons you have and b) the elements of the eidolons you have. Your alignment will always total 100%, though it may span across the 4 elements in any combination. Alignment directly affects your physical attack, spell damage, and magical defense. Having an even alignment (i.e. 0% in all elements, 50% in two elements, 33% in 3 elements, or 25% in all elements) will have no effect on your character, as the elements will cancel each other out. The elements are applied to your attack, spell damage, and magic defense in order of greatest to least. Example 1: You have two Fire eidolons and one Wind eidolon. Your alignment will be 66% Fire and 33% Wind. Attacking a fire-element monster will cause you to do less damage than normal due to your strong Fire alignment. The Wind alignment will have no effect on the monster. Example 2: You have three Water eidolons and 1 Fire eidolon. Your alignment will be 75% Water and 25% fire. Attacking a fire-element monster will cause your damage to be amplified, then decreased slightly due to your Fire alignment. Fire and water are opposites. Example 3: You have two Wind eidolons. Your alignment will be 100% wind. Attacking an earth-element monster will amplify your damage, because wind opposes earth. Likewise, earth opposes wind, so you will also receive more damage. In order to maximize your attack and resistance against specific monsters, you will have to choose eidolon combinations which best suit your current location and/or enemies. Retrieved from " http://www.herorpg.net/manual/Version_3.0 " Views Article Discussion View source History Personal tools Log in / create account Navigation Main Page HeroRPG Recent changes Storyline Article List Search Toolbox What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Printable version Permanent link This page was last modified 18:40, 29 December 2007. This page has been accessed 91 times. Privacy policy About HeroRPG Manual Disclaimers